0	adjudicated	3	If you decide to eat here, just be aware it is going to take about 2 hours from beginning to end. We have tried it multiple times, because I want to like it! I have been to it's other locations in NJ and never had a bad experience.   The food is good, but it takes a very long time to come out. The waitstaff is very young, but usually pleasant. We have just had too many experiences where we spent way too long waiting. We usually opt for another diner or restaurant on the weekends, in order to be done quicker.
1	adjudicated	4	Family diner. Had the buffet. Eclectic assortment: a large chicken leg, fried jalapeño, tamale, two rolled grape leaves, fresh melon. All good. Lots of Mexican choices there. Also has a menu with breakfast served all day long. Friendly, attentive staff. Good place for a casual relaxed meal with no expectations. Next to the Clarion Hotel.
2	adjudicated	3	This easter instead of going to Lopez Lake we went to Los Padres National Forest which is really pretty but if you go to white rock the staff needs to cut down all the dead grass that invades the rock and the water. I would wish the staff would also clean or get rid of the dead grass that's also living by the water. The water is really green and dirty. Los padres national forest staff need to work hard to maintain this forest looking pretty and not like a dumpster. Even Cachuma lake looks like they put a bit more effort.
3	adjudicated	3	Had a party of 6 here for hibachi. Our waitress brought our separate sushi orders on one plate so we couldn't really tell who's was who's and forgot several items on an order. I understand making mistakes but the restaraunt was really quiet so we were kind of surprised. Usually hibachi is a fun lively experience and our  cook  said maybe three words, but he cooked very well his name was Francisco. Service was fishy, food was pretty good, and im hoping it was just an off night here. But for the money I wouldn't go back.
4	adjudicated	3	Upland is a brewery based out of Bloomington, Indiana that has become popular enough to open up a couple additional locations in central Indiana.  All of their beers are very good, and I am also a fan of their burgers and tenderloins.  Therefore, I was excited to try their pizza, but I don't think it ended up being on par with these other items.  My margherita pizza had a cracker-like crust and was pretty light overall.  The cheese was good, but none of the other toppings added much flavor.  There was no red sauce as is typical for a true margherita pizza.  My opinion is that Upland's pizza might serve as a nice appetizer for a group, but I'll be sticking with their burgers or tenderloins as my meal of choice on future visits.
5	adjudicated	2	Service was crappy, and food was mediocre.  I wish I would have picked some other place for my last dinner in town.
6	adjudicated	2	In a word... "OVERRATED!".  The food took forever to come out.  The burger was WAY overcooked (Especially when I ordered it Medium Rare) and the Seafood Jumbalaya was Decent.  Not worth the price.  There are better places to eat in the french quarter.  It was not horrible, but for everything that we had heard about this place, I would have expected much better.
7	adjudicated	2	I've been to this location many times when I lived in the area and although it is a chain and not exactly sexy, it does the job on many occasions.   If you need an oil change, this place is ok, if you need a state inspection this place does it.   The key is getting there when they are not busy or else you will wait.     Again, nothing fancy here a pep boys is a pep boys but all in all decent stuff.
8	adjudicated	1	Honestly the food doesn't knock my socks off but other people seem to love this place. I go because my husband likes it as for me I'd rather go to a different BBQ spot. I guess it also depends on what you order.
9	adjudicated	2	My food only merited maybe two stars but I will give an extra star because I like the menu (and will try more of it) and their design and concept.  Sadly though, my tomato-basil soup tasted kind of like a weak marinara and my tuna melt type sandwich had a very sharp, off-putting flavor.  It was citrusy, for sure, and I love lemon in a tuna melt but perhaps this was lemon zest or something just way too overpowering?  I think next time I will focus on the dishes with cured Italian meats, mortadella and prosciutto.  And also the baked goods, those sounded pretty good, especially the Nutella bruschetta!
10	adjudicated	2	A couple friends and I stopped by for some late night milkshakes and found ourselves at More Than Just Ice Cream. Well, we just got ice cream...not fully taking advantage of what the name implies, but maybe next time.  3 milkshakes: 1 coffee, 1 chocolate, and 1 black&white malt.   All were pretty good. Definitely satisfied the ice cream craving. I thought my coffee milkshake could have been thicker, same goes for the chocolate. The black&white was plenty thick and was probably the best of the three. Unfortunately, I did not order that one so I settled for my not so creamy coffee.  I did sample some ice cream flavors before setting on a milkshake. I tried the pumpkin pie which was AMAZING. I don't know why I didn't just get this. Maybe a milkshake isn't the way to go here.
11	adjudicated	4	I visited this restaurant 4 times during my 5 days stay. Crazy, right? Here are a list of reasons/pros:  - We were staying a nearby hotel. - The restaurant opens 11 - 10:30 pretty much every day including new year's day so it fits into our schedule. - If you are a party of two, chances are you get seated right away. - $9 per dozen of oysters which is a really great deal by any standard! - They have a seafood shop next door that sells boiled and fresh seafood to- go. - Our server (same) is very friendly and recognized us every single time.  Now I want to talk about the reasons why I only give it 3 stars.  - We tried a bunch of stuff which are all pretty mediocre. Raw oysters are not cleaned well. So if your schedule is flexible, go to Superior Seafood during their happy hours for their 50 cents/oyster - better quality and cheaper. Turtle soup has a strange taste so I definitely prefer Felix's. A portion of my boiled shrimps are always mushy somhow, maybe boiled for too long?... - The ambient is inviting but not comfortable so we basically just finished our food and go.  - Clean the bathroom!!  Will probably visit again if we stay in the area next time or simply just pick up some seafood quickly.
12	adjudicated	2	Sometimes this food is very very good.  Unfortunately it's not consistent.   Ordered something I've been getting for years and every other time it tastes incredible. It's like they have different people in the kitchen and you don't know who you will get. So 50 % of the time it's excellent.  UGH.
13	adjudicated	2	After trying a few ramen places with crazy variety in their selections and stellar broth, I was not too excited about the ramen I got at Cheu.  Maybe it's a matter of taste, but personally, I was not a fan of their thick noodles, and extremely salty broth.    The service was great, and they had a nice selection of beers!  The friend I went with loved it, and has been many times.  Honestly, I'm just sorry I wasn't a bigger fan.  But I hope others try it for themselves.  I might just be an oddball out on this one.
14		2	The ramen is okay, nothing spectacular. Service is okay. Good place for a quick stop but wouldn't go if there were other choices. Been here twice, will continue to go.
15		1	Great food. Terrible customer service. I've been three times and I've had two different older waitresses. Not pleasant to deal with whatsoever. The owner on the other hand is lovely.
16	adjudicated	3	Good choice in Union Station St. Louis.  I had the Ponchartrain (server said it is same as Tilapia, though that was also on the menu, so why two names for the same fish, I have no clue).  The Ponchartrain was quite good with mushrooms and a cream sauce.  We also had the shrimp cocktail and lump crab cake appetizers....both fine, but not wonderful.  Drinks and service were perfectly acceptable.  We dined outside on the patio since the weather was nice - inside looks comfy and a bit less casual.
17	adjudicated	2	Really good burger. I had the Bourbon Black and Bleu. It was cooked like I wanted and very tasty.   I gave them 3 stars for the wait. We had a big party - 4 adults and 5 kids - and it took over an hour to get our food. Shouldn't have taken that long, regardless of how many people were at our table.
18	adjudicated	3	This is a pretty good pancake place, but it's a little disorganized in the way it's run when it's really busy. The pancakes are pretty good but super sweet, so you have to be in there. Good price point. Serves breakfast all day so that's definitely a plus, but not anything particularly special that you couldn't get anywhere else.
19	adjudicated	2	We ran in for a late night dinner last night. The prices are definitely high. Both couples decided to split a plate (you could tell the annoyed our server), and the food was good- but not worth the price for sure. I will say the garlic bread they bring out before the meal was AH-MAZING! I could have probably eaten my weight in just the bread.   Overall - I probably wouldn't eat there again myself. But it could have been an off night. There is just too much competition in the food world around St Louis!
20	adjudicated	3	Average or slightly above, despite the hype.  On the expensive side.  For $10 or $12 you should get fries with your burger, not a large to share for $8.  I had a bison burger. that was the only reason I went there.  Seems we had 1 beer, 1 iced tea, 1 burger, 1 bison burger and split a large fry, for about $37.  Rather ridiculous. And they try to hard to be different or interesting, but ruin a good meal.  The bison burger was tainted with unnecessary slaw and BBQ on it to call it a Carolina bison burger.  Not worth $12 on its own.  Been there.  Done that.  No reason to go back.  Next...
21	adjudicated	4	They reopened up derived new management.. this was our 3rd time there. They have daily specials, which is a pretty good price, $7.95 for a plate, ice-tea and soup. Todays (Friday)special, they had Carne Asada with rice n beans, fried fish plate and 2 chicken enchiladas with rice n beans, all come with tea n soup.   We both had the Carne asada plate but they let me substitute my rice n beans for a salad. Steak was pretty good.   I think their specials are different everyday. So for the most part it was good all around. Oh service was good n attentive.
22	adjudicated	1	Three stars not because of food, the food is good but, the service is slow. I think they need 1 or 2 more people up front when placing an order if your waiting and not using the kiosk to order.
23	adjudicated	2	Went here when they first opened. They only had one flavor... it wasn't that great. Everything was overpriced and we left spending about 70-80 dollars for three people and it wasn't filling.  *it is not Cajun style seafood. The sauce tastes like a mixture between buffet style sauces with fish sauce.  Giving them a solid three because there are better places to eat at
24	adjudicated	2	It's really a run of the middle as far as Cuban food goes. Not bad but not great either. I work close by so I end up there for lunch quite a bit. It's definitely worth checking out for lunch as their specials change every day and prepared freshly.
25	adjudicated	2	My husband had the 6 oz pepperloin meal and was very happy with it. I had the shrimp kabob meal. There were only 4 shrimp and they were more then well done and very small.  The service was good. The restaurant was not busy.
26	adjudicated	3	I like that Sally's has more options for hair supplies than any other beauty store in the area. The staff is nice and friendly and everything is usually well stocked. Sally's is my go to when I feel like experimenting with my hair due to the wide array of products they carry. I do wish the staff was a little more knowledgable on what they carry but I understand that that's a lot to ask. I also wish that the store was bigger, brighter and cleaner. The cramped aisles, dust bunnies and flickering, yellow fluorescent lights don't exactly give that same "beauty/trendy" feeling that other beauty stores have. If I could give one piece of advice to management it would be to work on the appearance of the store, other than that I'm pretty happy with Sally's.
27	adjudicated	2	So much to like about this place--the beautiful Mercer Building location, the spaciousness, the lovely, friendly baristas. But there are a couple of important cons for me. Biggest being, the music is constant and too loud, ruining everything you go to a coffee shop to do: read, work, reflect, or enjoy a good conversation. When I asked for it to be turned down, they told me they can't--it just plays at one level all the time, and the speakers  are everywhere so you can't get away from it. It sucks.  Secondly, if you're a tea drinker, you're out of luck. They don't serve the tea in pots, but huge, sloppy individual filters--it makes your beverage totally ungainly, hard to drink and is really off putting.  Pros: gluten free goodies and yummy Italian sodas. I'd love to spend more time here, but the music usually drives me out after 10 minutes.
28	adjudicated	3	I've come from Cali where boba is very common there. However I was thinking this place would have had the same feel. After being told this place branched off from California, I was disappointed.   I'm more of a natural person. I enjoy real flavor, real fruits, and of course the perfect boba. I notice that some flavors were used by real fruits but others were just powder which I could definitely taste the different. Especially the taro flavor, being one of my favorites.   But, if you're not too concern about natural vs powder flavor then this place could be good for you. They ask what level you would like you sweetness and any additional add-ons you would like. I always get boba but sometimes the grass jelly is pretty good too! I'd recommend you try.   This is also a good place to catch up, talk, play board, card games and even do homework. I know it's always busy with students from the U of A and being told from them it's a nice area to just hang out, that's a pretty good sign.   Maybe I'm just too picky, but I think it could be better.   "See it, taste it, Yelp it"
29	adjudicated	1	It's no different than any other Chinese place. Same menu, etc. this place does have some good lunch specials though, and the food is always ready when I go to pick it up.
30	adjudicated	1	The food is average. Drink specials are great but the place is rarely crowded. Last time I was there it was a Friday night at 10 pm. There were maybe 3 other parties at the bar. About 5 minutes after ordering our first drink, they announced it was last call...at 10:15 PM on a Friday night! Needless to say we left for a different bar in the area and have removed it from our options of places to go past 6 pm for drinks.
31	adjudicated	0	A good place to order from when its late and you have the muchies... for whatever reason ;-)
32	adjudicated	3	Very cozy place to have a drink with friends.  The drinks were tasty and were served in very pretty glasses reminiscent of those some of our grandmothers had in their china cabinets. On the downside, all of the drinks seemed to have some combination of ginger, lime, and honey with the main difference being the kind of liquor you wanted in your drink.  So the choices felt limited.  I ordered the bacon wrapped dates, and have to admit that I was choking them down because I was hungry.  They tasted like they were double dipped in sugar.  Also, once another 10 or so people came in, it was very hard to hear each other because the noise level skyrocketed, which is surprising with so much fabric in the room.  The servers were nice and left us alone except to check on us every so often.  I don't recall being offered a second drink when my glass was taken away.
33	adjudicated	2	By far some of the most comfy theater recliners. My only complaint is that you have to put your feet down if someone wants to pass by you on the aisle. The bartender at the little lounge next to the theaters is a delight. And being able to drink in the theater is a nice plus. The drawback comes with concessions. At a peak time on a Saturday, there were 5-6 employees at the counter but utter disorganization and no hustle whatsoever. The popcorn was also burnt. Next time I'll eat beforehand and stick with the bar.
34	adjudicated	3	Went on a Sunday afternoon and there were only a handful of people there.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by a bartender who started by telling us they were out of most food items.  No worries, we just wanted a couple of beers.  We sampled several varieties, all of which were average.  Nothing memorable about any of the six styles we tried.  Unfortunately,  the staff was in a snit because their relief was late.  I get it, but they were having a full blown discussion behind the bar which all patrons could hear.  Kind of put a damper on things.  Cool location and cool place, but not sure we would go back based on this visit as there are better options near by.
35	adjudicated	0	It's my first time here and the service is slow. The employees don't have good attitude but the food it's good.
36	adjudicated	2	I was here a few times before and didn't review. I come here for the food, NOT the service. The establishment is lacking in its service. Their food is always great though! Very delicious for a dive bar.
37	adjudicated	2	You would think from the size of the place it would be good for groups, but in my experience with 9 people on Saturday at 11am it was about a very hungry, tiring wait to get a seat.   We tried to make reservations, but they do not take them. And I think we were too small to be put in the side meeting room. So hangry we stood, hoping for just the right table to leave.  The manager was nice enough to offer to fill cups of coffee for us while we waited. But I thought it was odd that they just didn't refill the pot for everyone who was waiting.   Now for the food...They have these 1/2 and 1/2 combos. Which I love! I got a turkey Reuben and salad. I asked for lots of sauerkraut, and they charged $0.50 for it.. Which is no biggie but I'd expect a lot of kraut. Sadly there was not a lot of it.. But it was still a delicious sandwhich.  :) My friend got the sunrise chile rellenos. If I come back with a smaller party, that is what I would get.
38	adjudicated	1	Tried the pulled pork, green beans, Mac n cheese and cornbread. It was all pretty mediocre barbecue. Not bad, not great. The pork was a little overdone/dry, but had a nice smoky flavor. The original bbq sauce is pretty sweet/syrupy. Ill probably go back, but I wouldn't if there was a better option as close to my house.
39	adjudicated	2	Husband and I made a mistake and came here on a Lenten Friday. The wait was forever. But since we were already there, might as well suck it up and see what's it all about. We ordered the blackened alligator and oysters for appetizers, the alligator came out within 15 minutes, and it was alright. A bit too greasy. Then another 15 minutes later, our raw oysters came out, I wanted mine char grilled but the waitress didn't mention they don't have char grilled oysters and still took my order, so I thought I was waiting for mine to be cooked the entire time. When she brought out the two half-dozen raw oyster trays, that's when she told me they only have raw oysters there. SMH. I have sensitive stomach so I only had 3 then gave the rest to my husband. Regardless, the oysters were really fresh. We waited for at least another 20 minutes later for our entrees to come out. At this point, I was really hungry and had hoped we were at home eating ramen noodles instead. My husband had the roast beef po-boy, and I had the tuna and shrimp kabob. My husband told me his roast beef was really salty and while ironically, my kabob was very bland. The kabob came with exactly 3 pieces of cubed tuna, 2 medium size shrimp with plenty of bell peppers and onions in between, and baby shrimp creole with rice. For the ok price, I shouldn't complain too much about this place. Didn't try their seafood boil, but it looked like that would have been a better choice.
40	adjudicated	3	In short, the food was decently good, but completely overpriced.  The guacamole and my Mojito were probably the highlight of the meal. I had the peach pork medallions, which were nicely cooked, but lacked flavor. I tried the corn cakes with Barbacoa and that was pretty good.    The atmosphere was inviting with a hip feel if that's what you're looking for.  What was really annoying was the parking situation. For a place with price points such as these and limited parking spaces, a valet service should be provided either at a cost or complimentary.  Don't even try and park in the back of the building, it's tight and dangerous even getting there and back.  I ended up parking three blocks away and broke a sweat walking in the dead of summer to the front entrance.
41	adjudicated	5	This was a tough one!   On the merits of the wine, fairly average... I understand that the winery has more than one lable and other label is their premium wines.  I look forward to when that is available (I went two weeks ago so maybe it already is)     Location..   what's not to like?  On the pier!  A wonderful outdoor patio,  couldn't have a nicer setting to enjoy your tasting....   The staff were super, super nice,  I would give them an A+!    So why only three stars?  It is because of the wine club!  Very expensive for the quality of the wines and stingy as HELL with the benefits to the members..   Most wine clubs will give you a free tasting every time you come in (after all, we are your best customers... we are the ones who buy your wine time and time again).  Some wineries will give their members a complimentary glass in leau of a tasting (Carr).   Most wineries allow you to bring guests which is how you get new wine club members.   This system works folks!  The way this wine club works is that you are given a very limited number of passes per quarter, five as I recall.   If I come with my wife once a month we wouldn't even be covered... let alone if we bring a guest!     So go to this winery if you want to enjoy a tasting in one of the most beautiful settings on earth.   But avoid the wine club!  For that you can pretty much go to any of the other wine tasting rooms on the Urban wine trail.
42	adjudicated	2	I got a cheap haircut in NY for next to nothing and what do you know. it looks like some crazy chimp chewed up my hair and spat  it back on my raw scalp.  Since I'm going for job interviews, I needed to look better and went to Domenick's. The guys were great, Robert cut my hair and did a clean job. Bill came out to $35. I'd give it a 4, but it was a little pricy for my taste, but I look human again. Don't know what you guys in Philly normally pay for a haircut.
43	adjudicated	2	Definitely get in line before 8:30am. We waited about 30 minutes. Pancakes were fine. My friends got the raspberry pancakes, the sweet potato pancakes and the san antonio. I got the sugar and spice pancakes. All were well and fine, a bit dry. I don't understand the hype, but if the line isn't too long it's not bad for normal breakfast food. If the line is longer I would highly recommend skipping this place and heading down the street to Fido - insanely good coffee and great breakfast food.
44	adjudicated	2	As motels go this one is very nice for the rate. Clean, comfortable and well-managed. You get what you pay for so the breakfast buffet is just OK. The pool is too small to swim laps (disappointing). The lobby area is spacious and comportable.   If you are looking for a moderately priced place to sleep that is clean and comforable this will suit you just fine.
45	adjudicated	0	Uhhhhh.... Not sure how to quantify or qualify my experience here. Let's start with back story:   My sister was visiting for the weekend, so I wanted to show her a solid night on the town that lasted till the wee hours of the morning. We started on Frenchmen, but for whatever reason it was dead.  Deciding to adventure Uptown we proceeded on a respectable bar crawl, including Delachaise, Columns, and St. Joes, however, at 3 AM the usual Uptown culprits start to raise their heads. A summary of the following dialogue:  Friends "Let's go to FMs"  Me: "No, too much broken glass" Friends: "Let's go to Snake and Jake's" Me: "Eh...." Friends: "Brothers 3?" Me: "I'm afraid I'll hit my head on the ceiling" Friends: "The Saint!!" Me: "I suppose I haven't been there before, I'm curious."  After entering the Saint the look on my sisters face was priceless, akin to a deer in headlights look. I kept my countenance, and we ordered a round. Things proceeded as expected ... unwanted dance grinding advances, check! uber drunk guy talking your ear off, check! Big Buck Hunter, CHECK!!! Overall I'm glad I moderately traumatized my sister and sated my curiosity in the same night.   Helpful hint: They have outdoor seating, surprisingly, which is very good to escape the smoke
46	adjudicated	2	I was happy his was my first experience with Nola food and not my last, started on a low point. First, I understand it was Sunday night before Fat Tuesday and our waitress was working back to back 12 shifts. However, my drink order was forgotten, and my friends plate was mixed up. For my food, I had the po'boy shrimp and was underwhelmed, there was a hardy serving of shrimp but there was minimal lettuce or sauce and the fries were weak, many soggy. Needless to say, we didn't go back. From other reviews seems like we caught them on an off-day but unfortunately the result is a lack luster review.
47	adjudicated	0	Awesome location, good service is why I have been eating there for the past 15 years off and on. Mostly the excuses about the steak is why I have to write the review. I am happy to pay more for good quality steak but don't blame the poor guy that sold it to you !
48	adjudicated	3	I work at the Frist and I don't eat at the cafe much, since I like to leave the building and go home for lunch. But once in a blue moon on a really dreary day like today, I stay in and have the Cobb Salad. It's a go-to for gluten free noshers like me. Add an extra egg for extra protein punch (as if all the meat wasn't enough already) and oil and vinegar dressing and i'm doing ok. A lot of museum visitors and local employees come for the cheap prices and quick bites. Beware of Senior Mondays (every 3rd Monday of the month) and weekends at lunchtime- it's usually busiest at 1130-noon.
49	adjudicated	2	Got an estimate but went with another plumber as this was the highest quote of the 3 plumbers we interviewed for the job. Very prompt communication though.  Will re-consider for future jobs.  Seems reliable (and often you get what you pay for!)
50	adjudicated	3	If not for the pretentious, haughty, superior attitude of our waiter, I would have given this place four stars or possibly more... Seriously. That kind of attitude is exactly why I left New York. We wanted to order a bottle of wine, asked for his suggestion, and he answers with, "How much do you want to spend?" Ummm... Excuse me? How about, "I'm happy to make some recommendations. Let's find a price point you're comfortable with..." He didn't smile ONCE during the meal service and also found it necessary to correct us on several points of preference. Snob. The food is GOOD. The only thing that was great was the blueberry lasagna. And it is superb. So was the chocolate confection for dessert. I'd say go. And I hope you don't get that waiter.
51	adjudicated	2	I actually eat here at least once a month . The food is good and the service compliments it. You will fall in love with there zucchini muffins. I always leave with some stashed in my purse, you know for later. The prices are cheap and they have a fantastic frozen yogurt bar . with unlimited toppings. Have fun !! yum yum
52	adjudicated	1	Food is good, but the cafe itself is extremely dirty. I will probably not return unless they clean the place up.
53	adjudicated	3	not a bad little burger joint. i got the bacon cheeseburger. bacon was cooked perfect and had the perfect thickness. bun had a really great toasted crust. fries were good, as well as the chocolate shake I had. 3 complaints, i wish the burger was more juicy, I wish I wasn't paying so much for the tiny burger portion I was served, and I wish I didn't leave the place smelling like burger grease.
54	adjudicated	1	So I decided to give this place a shot after reading all the reviews on yelp. The place was dead but I have it a shot. The food was okay at best. I actually left there and went across the street to Charlie's. The place was packed and one bite of the redtop pizza and I cursed myself for not coming here first. If you want a sit down meal this place is nice. If you want good pizza go to Charlie's.
55	adjudicated	0	One of the few diners in North Wilmington, and the only one that probably isn't really bad. I've had totally ordinary diner fare here, and used to come by after swim meets. Nothing particularly good or bad about this place.
56	adjudicated	2	I regularly go to student salons for hair cuts and styling.   I have long, fine, mostly straight Asian hair, and have had mixed results from the Aveda Institute -- to be expected considering I had a different stylist in every case.  Just know that if you haven't had a student stylist before, don't expect perfection. Do expect the cut to take an inordinately long time compared to a seasoned professional -- most of my cuts/styles have taken around 2 hours. The basic cut price includes massaging wash, cut, and blowdry style, plus the stylists do take the time to check in with their teachers and make sure the cut is going the way you want it to. Another plus: all of the stylists I've had at the Aveda Institute have been professional and committed to their service, which isn't always the case at other schools. And the prices are right.
57	adjudicated	1	Not the best prepared sushi inthe city by a longshot, but for quick (and I mean quick), cheap sushi with a long menu, Mixx is great.
58	adjudicated	2	Harry's blue bell is a nice spot. We stopped a few days ago for a quick dinner. It's tucked in the corner of a shopping center and it's very easy to miss. It was packed and seemed like the place to be for locals. The inside is nice but small, only a few tables in the entire place. The service was just okay.   The beer selection is very good as are the prices on the beer. The food menu was a bit limited with you're basic bar food. The wife went with the bbq pulled pork and I went with the chicken and honey mustard wrap. The bbq pork was good, the bun was nicely toasted but the sauce was overly sweet for our liking. The wrap was fresh and good but nothing spectacular. The fries were hot and crispy. The kale slaw was fantastic but a very small portion.  Overall it was a decent meal. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. If I were in the area I'd stop though. Solid 3 stars.
59	adjudicated	1	Great atmosphere, service was very friendly and prices were very reasonable however I found the food a bit bland, not bad just bland. My husband and I were starving after a long drive to Philly and this filled the spot but it wasn't overly enjoyable and we most likely won't be back.
60	adjudicated	3	We have big group of 12 for the office outing lunch. I would said for the number of people we have, the service is not the best but good enough. Only one of our members get the food late. The close out may need to work on it. Tip was added since we have large group which may my bill easy.   I have order the lamb kebab (Shish Kebab) plate. It come with two choices of side. I got the rice and the babaghanoush. The rice was well cook and nice aroma. The babaghanoush was well prepared and great with extra olive oil. The presentation of the dish is pleasant. However, the meat did not measured up. It was too dry and the marinated is not over the top. They need to improve on this area.   I have been here several time. My previous experience is better. During the month of Ramadan, they serve the buffet that are plenty of choices and attractive. I would said try them during this time. The buffet of Ramadan usually start at 8:30. Go early because is a lot of customers.
61	adjudicated	2	So it's an old club and I think it still maybe a club at night but me and my family including our 5 year old went there for dinner! The food was good we received a sashimi plate and was very pleased with it. My some received a burger and fries which he ate and was happy with. But my biggest complaint is the SERVICE it was horrible. I had to get my own plates, sauce bowls and napkins, they bought out two glasses but didn't bring my son one. I had to request one for him, I don't know maybe they thought he was invisible. I had a groupon certificate so it was a good dinner I would come back if someone was treating.
62	adjudicated	4	The long and the short of it: A romantic little BYOB in Newtown Square that hits the mark in several areas. Big portions at decent prices. You won't leave hungry!  And now for a full review:  I have been to this Fellini's Cafe and the one in Bryn Mawr several times and each time I've visited there have been some memorable moments...and there have been speed bumps that keep this place from reaching its full potential.  On my latest visit this past Friday night, I made reservations for 730. My beautiful wife and I arrived right at 730. Although there were two vacant tables available, it took them at least 10 minutes or so to seat us. And when they did, they broke up a table for 6 instead of putting us at the 2 seater. Odd.  Being out and away from the kids for a few hours, we wanted at least a little bit of privacy, instead of sitting next to (pretty much connected to) a table of four. We asked the manager if we could be moved to the 2 seater...he said fine. Another 5-10 minutes (too long!) later a member of the wait staff came and, without any indication as to his intentions, whisked up our bottle of wine and silverware and ran off to the other table. Not a problem, but some eye contact and a simple 'follow me please' with even a hint of a smile would have been lovely. We shrugged and just rolled with it.  The interior is quaint, and the lighting is dim. It's a nice place for a romantic meal. But it is LOUD. So loud I would say this place is kid friendly despite being in such close quarters with your neighbors. Not sure if we'd ever try taking our four kids there (actually I'm certain we won't) but one or two can be done without much trouble.  Our waitress was extremely polite and offered the energy and enthusiasm that our other friend lacked.  For dinner, we ordered a caesar salad to share and for our main courses my wife opted for her usual tagliatelli with mushroom cream sauce and i had what i always have, the tortellini pasticiatti.  Complimentary with the meal were two pieces of bruschetta (very nice) and a small loaf of crusty Italian bread, which is served with butter packets (which perhaps only I find strange for an Italian restaurant?).   Overall the food was delicious, except for a few somewhat minor hiccups:   1. The caesar salad was served on a warm plate. The salad was excellent and would have been legendary had it been served on a chilled (or at least not warm!) plate.  2. I am pretty sure they used frozen peas in the tortellini dish, which is fine with me as long as you make sure the peas are thawed before you serve it! Only a few peas were not quite thawed, but it marred what was otherwise a perfectly crafted masterpiece of a dish.  When we paid, the manager allowed us to use an expired gift card. That was a very nice gesture and one that required no push from us to induce.  All in all, I'll keep visiting Fellini because it's relatively inexpensive and they do most everything well.
63	adjudicated	4	We went to this restaurant after running in the Philadelphia marathon.  We had a large group (12) with us including kids (ages 10-14), parents and grandparents.   The place is very clean and looks fairly new or at least newly decorated.  The service was excellent and friendly.  The food was very good for the parents but everything was on the spicy side which was not so great for the kids and grandparents.  The lighting was very dim which was an issue for the grandparents reading the menu.    The Veggie wings were great as were the cactus and sweet potato burritos.   The guacamole was very good although the spicy chips were a little too much.  They offer pitchers of margaritas which was great for our large group.
64	adjudicated	1	They have a couple of really nice ladies, that go out of their way to help you. But there's one that will rip your head off if you're not careful. It won't take ya long to figure this out on your own though.  Jus' sayin'......
65	adjudicated	2	i was looking forward to a new coffee spot, but this won't be it for me.  they dont have a menu first off, and im not a coffee connoisseur, so i was a little thrown off.  i kept it simple, asked for an iced tea, but they did give me hot tea w/a cup of ice.  v. artsy crowd here, great for people watching, but not for studying.  its a little loud, my headphones were not enough to block out the noise, so i was stuck listening to watever they chose, which wasn't my preference.  the servers were all really nice, and they kept cleaning the tables quite often.  all in all it wasnt a bad experience, but not one to keep me coming back either...
66	adjudicated	2	Went here before a show we were seeing in the University City area.  It is just across the street from 30th Street Station, and just down the street from Drexel University.  We we able to get street parking about 2 blocks down the street, so that is always a plus.    Service was sufficient for dinner.  We tried the mac and cheese appetizer that had just the right amount of breadcrumbs on it.  It was served hot, but with average taste.  We also tried the cheeseteak egg rolls - decent, but not a lot of meat in them.  Some of the bites I had of the egg roll were merely the fried dough without getting to any of the cheese and meat.   They were served with ketchup and a special mustard that had some horseradish in it for a bit of a kick!  I must say, it is a neat thing for a Philadelphia Pub to have on a menu.    For our main entrees, we both had the chicken pot pie.  The vegetables were plentiful, and the chicken was all white meat, though there was not that much of it.  The crust was somewhat flaky, but there was a section of my pot pie crust that didn't seem like it was cooked all the way through.    Dessert portion sizes were huge!  We had the bread pudding which was average in taste, and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  The brownie was served ala mode with vanilla ice cream as well.  The brownie was definitely dry and lacking in taste, though I consider myself to be a brownie snob, so maybe I'm being overly picky.
67	adjudicated	2	Went for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night in April. Definitely try to arrive on the earlier side! We got there at 8 and there was no line (by the time we left at around 11 there was a line down the street). The cover band is awesome. There were at least 10 other bachelorette groups there and a few 50th birthday parties too. Their signature cocktails are great but overpriced in my opinion. I would go back though for another bachelorette party or birthday. Probably wouldn't try if it was any regular night out. Gets very crowded.
68	adjudicated	2	Overpriced for what you get. I think this is a cute spot to meet up with a friend, but that's about it. I prefer my own homemade coffee to be honest. Adorable concept, just could use some improvement to products offered and prices.
69	adjudicated	3	I loves me some seitan, and that's why I keep going to El Camino. The seitan wings & seitan nachos are so good! Unfortunately, the service is not. It can be extremely slow. On one occasion it took them so long to get my seitan nachos out to me that they had to give them to me on the house. All of my friends were done eating and ready to leave and I was JUST getting my food!   As for the rest of the food at El Camino, the only other thing I've tried would be the fried pickles. I have to say, I was not impressed. I love both pickles and fried things but these were not good. The coating was too grainy and I just didn't like the taste.   The seitan is so good that it keeps me coming back. And the margaritas are pretty good too.
70	adjudicated	2	We went on a Friday night and the place was full, but even so there was only a 20 minute wait.  The service was ... Hit and miss. I don't want to rip on our server too much because our server was obviously trying but just not hitting the mark. The food was Ok, but I don't believe I'll be back. It just wasn't great.
71	adjudicated	2	My friend and I came here around 2pm on a Monday. It happened by default, as most of the restaurants on Main Street were closed. We sat ourselves down at the bar and got to drinking. After a few drinks, I ordered the pulled pork tacos and my friend had a burrito. Not bad, not stellar. Just a standard very place to drink and eat Mexican food. It's got a very college feel even in the middle of the day, so keep that in mind if that's not your thing.
72	adjudicated	2	Fast.  Fresh.  The carne was very good.  So was the guacamole.  Wish there was the ability to customize taco toppings.  The tortilla chips were too thick.  The dulche de leche  soft serve ice cream was amazingly delicious.  Wish that there was more seating.  Wish that table clean ups were more timely and more thorough.
73	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars.  Chickie's and Pete's is a friendly sports bar, particularly for women, and it has lots of seating for Sunday games. I appreciate the sound booth in the sky, as it means that (admittedly bad) music is played during the commercials, along with special themes for Eagles fans. And, the place seems to be smoke free.  But, I am not impressed by the famous crab fries, which are crinkled, lightly fried, and seasoned with garlic, chili pepper, and salt. Something about the congealed cheese sauce detracts from the entire experience, and I also prefer my fries to be piping hot. However, there are towers of beer available (complete with taps), which is pleasantly tacky.   With loads of space, booming sound, cute servers, and rowdy fans, Chickie's and Pete's is a perfect place to catch a game.
74	adjudicated	3	I have been a loyal customer at Magasin Cafe for years, it's what made me fall in love with Vietnamese food. Since Magasin Cafe has closerd for renovations I came to Magasin Kitcheb to curb my weekly pho cravings. The food and service were good- even the chopped was seasoned better than the other location. However, paying more money for the same meal and the restaurants atmosphere deters the ranking. Quality food and service will continue to keep me a loyal customer.
75	adjudicated	2	Love the food. Big portions, interesting and ever changing menue. The only issues i have are that the seating is cramped, too loud for conversation and the coffe is not as good as Sabrina's.  The latkas are always perfect and the bacon is the best I ahve had in Philly.
76	adjudicated	2	Tina I believe was our waitress.. I'm not sure if I want to give 3 or 4 stars. Its just that the initial wait was kinda long. But it was my first time eating the food and I thought it was pretty good. I liked my side salad too!
77	adjudicated	2	Despite it's great reviews by other Yelpers, I was not that blown away by Nippon Tei.   My roommate and I were craving sushi and were recommended to come here by Yelp and a friend so we decided to give it a shot.   First off, they get bonus points for serving FREE edemame as an appetizer. I usually pay $4 to $5 for it at other sushi restaurants. The mango sake drink I have was alright, but not worth the price I paid for it.   On to the main event...SUSHI! We had the philly roll, tempura roll, tuna roll, and california roll. They were all yummy, but I would have to say I have had better. Actually, out of the hand-full of sushi restaurants I have tried, this was the worst sushi I have tried, but I cannot say the sushi was bad by any means. Don't get me wrong, it was still tasty.   The other big thing was that the rolls were actually falling apart. I have never had this happen. Therefore, I can say that the presentation and the ability to get the sushi from the plate to my mouth without falling apart did make me unhappy.   I am willing to come back to Nippon Tei, but I have to say I already have my other favorites. The prices were average compared to other sushi bars, so that won't really help them out either when it comes to bringing me back. We will see!
78	adjudicated	3	Should have listened to other reviews--we were kind of disappointed.  The layout of the restaurant is interesting in that it's made to look sort of like the inside of a chicken coop (made for people).  However, the food was overpriced and underwhelming.  We ate from the Sunday brunch menu--only decent value on the menu is the chicken strips and fries.  My wife ordered the seasonal salad, which was comically small and was way short on the actual lettuce (and not cheap either).  Chicken was good, but nothing better than Raising Canes in my opinion.  Service and food seemed on the slow side, especially with the small crowd.
79	adjudicated	2	A small aquarium that is interesting mainly for kids.  They have a shark feeding show and stingrays that you can pet and buy food to feed.  It is not the first place i would go in Tarpon Springa, but it is ok, small children seem to like it.
80	adjudicated	3	Broussard's was pretty good when I went there a few weeks ago. I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I took my parents out to dinner.  I knew going in that Broussards is a very old skool New Orleans restaurant, and it is very nice when you walk in to see the old tile on the walls in the foyer of the building. The courtyard is beautiful and I just had to turn into a tourist and take a picture in front of the fountain with my mom. We were seated and very promptly greeted by the drink guy.  He brought us our water and told us about the extensive wine list, but they were of course out of the Pinot Grigio that I ordered.  He successfully suggested a Chardonnay for me instead and I was happy. The head waiter came out and explained with great detail the specials for the night, but I went for menu regulars, the maytag blue cheese salad and the pecan crusted drum. I wanted more salad, it was so good, I ate it up so fast. The drum was excellent too. It had this soy butter sauce on it that was so good and topped with crawfish. I was definitely happy with my meal and glad I had the experience. What makes me knock off two stars is that though the foyer's vintage appeal is nice and the courtyard is beautiful, I feel like the dining room needs an upgrade.  The chandeliers on the walls in the main dining room are very reminiscent of the hallways of my grandmother's assisted living home. I think its just one of those places I am glad to say I've been to, but I don't think I will choose to go there again.
81	adjudicated	2	I cannot comment on the food as I had only a couple beers. I did have the white IPA and a red ale which were good but not blow me away. I might be spoiled having 2 friends who brew professionally but the beers were good, not outstanding. The location is kind of far from other stuff which normally wouldn't bother me but everything around is seriously industrial and scenery does make a better place. They do discount the beer $1 when a train comes by and maybe that's the best they can make of a meh location. Probably give it more like a 3.5 stars. It does say something that there was a loyal following at 4pm on a Sunday.
82	adjudicated	2	The beef noodles was a bit too salty and the fried rice was a bit oily. But overall they are good. We liked the shrimp spring rolls a lot. It is one of the best we have tried.   The place could have earned higher points. But I have to give it a three stars because of the chaotic seating arrangement. The owner gave tables to people behind us despite we reminded the him and the staff. Perhaps that is what you get when you go to a teeny tiny Chinese restaurant during a long weekend.
83	adjudicated	2	We had a mixed experience at Mr. B's.  We started at the bar for drinks and a starter due to table wait. Bar was nice for a busy night. Our table was ready early so the bar staff transferred our starter to the table and things went down hill quickly. Starters were delivered and then we were ignored for over 45 minutes. No drinks, water etc. Finally a waiter in another section took out order. We ordered BBQ shrimp (best thing on our table), rabbit and wood plank grilled fish. Fish was a very small piece and not worth the $$$. Rabbit was good! Hit and miss service ruined the experience.
84	adjudicated	0	I stopped at Walgreens in hopes of seeing the new ELF Villain's collection. Sometimes Walgreens gets them before the holidays. Sometimes they don't. This particular one doesn't ever get them according to their cosmetics person. SAD. Really sad. I suppose I'll have to skulk other Walgreens to find them.
85	adjudicated	3	I have frequented the Mad Mex, University City location for years.  I was pleased to see this new location which is closer to my home and I don't have to deal with the obnoxious students.  I have been here for Happy Hour and just for dinner at another time.  It has been busy both times and it seems that the staff need to be trained a little more in chaos and crowd management.  The best deals are during Happy Hour - the $3, $5 & $7 Margarita's.  I also believe wings are 1/2 off.  My friends seemed to enjoy their orders of Burritos, Gaucamole and enchiladas.    The food is average and for the price of drinks - it would be a great place to hang if the service improves.
86	adjudicated	2	I visited Jake's for the first time after learning that the small diner I used to go to in Delaware as a kid had become a franchise. I was so excited to experience the delicious burgers and fries that I craved as a kid.  I walked into the establishment and was frankly unimpressed by the ambiance. The restaurant was moderately clean and very open. The menu actually reminded my of a Five Guys. You get to choose your own toppings (all free) to put on 1, 2, or 3 patties.  I ordered the regular cheeseburger with a ton of toppings and a regular size french fry to share with my boyfriend. The burgers were delicious. The bread was soft and tasty and the burgers were succulent and juicy. The fries were disappointing. McDonalds fries taste better and usually aren't even as cold as Jake's were.  Man oh man, Jake's. I'll go back for the burgers, maybe, but I definitely will stick to the original location for a better experience.
87	adjudicated	2	While I generally support independent restaurants over chain places,I still don't buy into the overpriced center city Phila hype. The place was actually roomier than the south Philly closets we usually take my mother in law for her birthday,but the prices were jaw dropping...quite different from the online menu. The food and portions were ok,and the dessert was something different than the average places. The bus help was a bit out of sync with the waiter,as they were asking us if we were done with our plates just as the waiter was telling us the desserts,and as the Philly standard the bathroom was a bit small to accomodate the size of the place.
88	adjudicated	2	The Tater-Tots were good but not anything I haven't  had before. Burger was satisfactory.  Quick stop for lunch.  Staff was helpful with providing directions to local attractions.
89	adjudicated	1	I had chicken BBQ burritos with all kinds of stuff that I like. I love the it ! Good place to sit down with family & had a meal. I wish they had a place for kids to play that would be even better !
90	adjudicated	2	Came here with a group of 15 people on a Tuesday night. We had reserved a space in advance.  While the food was good, what was lacking was good service and cleanliness. We sat down at our table and it was sticky, and there was a dirty and also sticky fork still on it...so the assumption was that the table simply hadn't been wiped down all the way. Yuck.  We ordered and the food took a fair amount of time, understandable because of such a large party. Problem was, when the food came out, no server knew what we'd individually ordered, so it became a huge mix up with people eating others' food.  I ordered the pork belly tacos which had a great caramelization on the outside and tender inside. I also ordered the spicy beef pho, which was perfectly balanced with flavor after adding the accompanying bean sprouts and limes.  The wait for the check and processing payment was long and arduous, a problem again because we had a Lyft driver waiting outside for us.  All in all, go for the food, not for the service.
91	adjudicated	2	Second time's the charm. Stopped by once to have a duplicate key made only to find that their hours were not at my convenience. My bad I guess. Stopped by a second time a week or so later - (it's close to home, so why now swing by?) - this time they were open and they proved to be very helpful.  Pleasant encounter with the gentleman behind the counter who quickly cut several odd-shaped keys for me that the big box stores could not duplicate.  Quick, polite, efficient, and cost-effective.
92	adjudicated	2	For a seafood restaurant at the edge of pear expectations should be set high. My wife and I have come here 3 times now and ordered different plates off the menu each time. This last time we ordered cioppino, clam chowder, and a crab salad sandwich; *Good - clam chowder (excellent flavor and consistency) would order again. *Not great - cioppino (lacked flavor & a variety of sea food/lack there of) would not order again *Pass - crab salad sandwich (lacked flavor, mayo was overpowering, crab flavor was almost non-existent, side of onion rings too greasy) - would not order again  The overall experience is okay, better if seated outside right on the pear overlooking the ocean, inside is very small. Service is good but be prepared to wait a bit to be seated.  Is it worth a visit? Yes, but be selective of what you order as the menu tends to be a hit and miss.
93	adjudicated	2	I find it hugely ironic that WF is trying to reposition itself as a 'value' food store right now when others (i.e. Trader Joe's up the street) have been doing that for years.  For value, go elsewhere.  For pretty food, lovely store displays and a feeling of smugness, check out Whole Foods.  Despite my snark, I have to admit that it's nice to see an enormous, clean and well stocked yuppie market in Reno finally.  Now that this town has been rated by National Geographic as a top outdoors place to live in, it needs the retail to support that (and I don't mean another REI).  For myself, I'm too cheap to look seriously at this place for my regular shopping needs, but for lunch and the odd stopover, it's awesome.   Beautiful produce, drool inducing cheese selections and a bakery that would break my budget if I bought everything that struck my fancy.  Plus it's proximity to the freeway (for those of us who do our shopping based on distance from the 395 or 80) makes it an ideal stop to/from the airport.
94	adjudicated	2	Monthly lunch with my fellow colleagues the other day and the person assigned to get lunch ordered from Fresh and had it delivered.   My selection was the Chopped Italian salad. The salad consists of mixed greens, salami, smoked turkey, tomato, garbanzo beans and parmesan cheese served with the house vinaigrette. The salad was lacking for me. I think such a salad would be so much better with a few more Italian-esque ingredients in it, perhaps a little more anitpasto like. I know, it's not advertised as antipasto but c'mon....this salad was boring.  Throw in a couple of olives, some artichoke hearts, some sliced pepperoncinis. Maybe my tastebuds were having an off day but the salami wasn't very flavorful either. Charge a couple dollars more for a more inventive salad. Please!  I do want to give them another chance since so many reviews on here are glowing. Maybe I need to stick with a panini or something but I really do love salads for summer lunches.
95	adjudicated	2	If you are going for the food, I would give it 5 stars, but since this is a brewhouse, I only gave it 3.   I ordered the light flight since we went for lunch and I wasn't looking for a heavy meal. The beer was OK at best. It was bland, a little strange in after taste and uninspired. Light beers dont have to equal tasteless. My boyfriend had a "hoppy beer with citrus undertones". He could taste neither the hops or the citrus  (disclaimer - we are from VT and are used to very hoppy beers!)    Now the food - that was great. We went at lunch time and was able to get a soup and salad for 8.95. We both had the same thing - Chicken Bruchetta salad and French Onion Soup. The portion was fantastic for a lunch size and the soup really flavorful!   For a lunch downtown it was great, but I would go for the brews...
96	#REF!	2	The food is really good!! The service is less than average; I felt very rushed, unimportant, and cheated. Was shocked that the waitress withheld my coins when she gave me my change! Do they withhold change from all of their customers?!! Very disappointed.  Would she have done that to a well known food critic?  Will probably go back one more time eventually but will have lots of change with me to pay the EXACT amount! When it came time to give her tip, I applied the coins she withheld from me -they became part of her tip. Also, her tip dropped from my standard 25% to 15%. Flabbergasted.
97	adjudicated	2	Their sushi is pretty good. Mesa rolls are my fav here. They would be 4stars if they gave better estimations for pick ups. It is typical that they lag a lot and they seem to make it after you show up.
98	adjudicated	1	Great hangout for wine, cheese, and some music outside.  Tried some of the food - bacon-wrapped dates & brussel sprouts - all unmemorable.  Also tried the sardines which smelled and tasted past their prime - sent back.
99	adjudicated	1	Decent falafel wrap...but not exactly cheap. And the cave-like sitting area was cold and uninviting. There are better choices in Manayunk.
100	adjudicated	1	Friday, July 22 we decided to give this eatery a try.  It is definitely in a great location especially if you want to explore the Quarter afterwards.  We were a party of 8 people and out of the 8 dishes ordered only 2 were really good --the jambalaya and file gumbo were very tasty.  The other dishes --red beans/rice,  meatloaf, Mac and cheese,  shrimp po boy, and chicken wings were bland and a waste of money.  The staff was nice but overall the food was mediocre.
101	adjudicated	3	Decent frozen yogurt with a lot of options for toppings. They have about 8 different froyo flavors to chose from. Lots of possible combinations. However, it can get expensive pretty quickly when you weigh the cup.   There's not a lot of seating inside. Staff is friendly but not very active. I do want to try their bubble tea, but j wasn't very impressed.
102	adjudicated	3	My first trip to Susanna Foo was at 6 months old when the restaurant was still a hole-in-the-wall takeout joint owned by Susanna's parents. My parents have been taking my brother and I ever since. I have many fond memories of Susanna fashioning dolls for us out of the linen napkins and preparing Chicken with Cashew Nuts when we refused to eat anything else. The food has always been reliable, but now that I am an adult, I find it lacking excitement. The service is always impeccable and I have never been disappointed by the overall decor or ambience. I'd like to see Susanna improve upon some of her traditional recipes by either adding new flavors or perhaps returning to her Chinese roots with a more ethnic menu. I'm hoping there will be a revitalization and that I will come to love Susanna Foo as much as I did as a child.
103	adjudicated	3	by 3 stars, i really mean 3.5-  white brick walls, cool rustic furniture, seasoned, attractive employees. and the lighting is lovely.. nay, PERFECT. probably good for a blind date.  and service is good and timely.  but 3.5 could've been 4 if it wasn't so expensive for what i'm getting. and if the kitchen was more accommodating.  the first time i ever ate there, (around when it first opened), i ordered ravioli and received 3 or 5 pieces for $11-13.  another time i visited, i tried substituting a salad for fries with my burger. and my server said, "no, sorry, the kitchen won't do that."   are you $^%ER@# kidding me??? it wasn't a super modification. it's not as if i asked for a burger with only one bun, no tomato, half piece of lettuce, two onion rings, and love. it wasn't like i wanted to substitute lobster for fries!!! needless to say, this is the first time i've been unable to substitute. i'm usually really easy to please, but this is the first time i've ever felt difficult. at least in my head. is this in my head?  unforgivable.
104	adjudicated	4	I would eat here again, but mostly because it is an interesting destination in a town with a lot of bad restaurants. Great decor, noisy atmosphere, and funky vibe. Servers seem hip, but we were rushed through an inattentive service. (One of those dinners where you better ask for the check when you can because you don't know when you will see the waiter again). Note to Gluten Free folks, this place is not completely safe or knowledgeable and the GF buns were awful. The house catsup, which is apparently a thing here, is not GF. Note to anyone with a car: parking sucks.
105	adjudicated	2	So, I went back to El Arado on Monday with a group of six people. The staff seemed shocked about our 6 pm arrival, and "sanitized" a large table for us quickly. Yes, the table smelled like dirty sanitized rags, ugh, but, once you got buzzed on...I mean beyond, the smell, your waiter will appear and take your drink orders.   We got beers and margaritas. The margarita drinker in the group declared that it "was good."  The prices for drinks weren't that bad.  ($2.95 for Mexican beers).   We all ordered our food, which was brought out at a good time, fresh, and hot. Everyone snarfed - it was good and tasty and all our needs were met attentively by the quiet waiter.   All of us were let satisfied, and our specific requests (i.e. "no beans" "light on the cheese") were met by the kitchen staff with no problems. We left with full bellies then went to the Red Garter for a mind-numbing strip club experience.   What a way to wrap up a review..  El Arado has gotten a bad wrap - but, the staff is decent, the food wasn't too shabby and the drink prices are cheap. A good place to start out for affordable and filling eats before a night out in Fountain Square (or to strip clubs).
106	adjudicated	2	Food was excellent but when asked to honor their yelp offer of 10% off our bill for checking in and reviewing their business, We were told that they would not honor the deal until our next visit even though the yelp countdown said we had 4 hours to redeem the deal. Great food, but bad business practice :(
107	adjudicated	3	I could say that this is a touch of Italy in a strip mall, but even I recognize that is a little too precious. Stepping into the dark, cool interior of Sapore made for a refreshing change after the sweltering July heatwave. It was no problem for our party of three to be seated; the fact that we had a reservation helped, I am sure. We started out with drinks--bellinis for my two dinner companions and a classic vodka martini for me. I appreciated being able to customize my drink with a blue-cheese-stuffed olive and an anchovy. I would never have thought to put an anchovy in a martini, but it looks like this will be a new obsession for me.   On to the food. We opted to skip the appetizers and go straight to soup/salad and entrees (all the better to save room for dessert). My mom went with the Italian soup and my other dining companion and I split the Caprese salad, a solid presentation that did not blow me away, but certainly does not provide grist for anything like the negative reviews of this establishment that I have seen on yelp. I didn't know what to expect in terms of pasta portions here, so I went with the Chicken Marsala. It might have been nice to have pasta to pick up some of the sauce, but I appreciated that the dish was hot by temperature and I even had enough for leftovers (to which I added pasta, in the comfort and convenience of my home).  The dessert selection was excellent. We went with the tiramisu. I understand Sapore also has an excellent cannoli which I would like to try on a future visit. I would be tempted to come back, if only for another excellent martini, appetizers, and another run through the dessert menu.
108	adjudicated	2	Its a hotel and you can stay there.  After a couple of stays here I find it is not bad.   Its definitely more of a business traveler kind of place than a tourist kind of place.  Pros The rooms have the essentials. The beds are quite comfortable. The cafe isn't bad although it is a little foggy as to what comes with the room. Apparently its one entree and one beverage. Not a bad deal.  Cons Hallways are a bit shaggy. NBD since I am not staying in the hallway. Room cleaning dropped the ball on my last stay. The room was clean, but I found a bag from BK in my mini fridge ... eeeew!
109	adjudicated	2	Let me start by saying buying a car is an intimidating process. I feel like I am playing poker with someone who can see all of the cards while I can only see my cards. I felt well prepared and needed to use all of my preparation to get what I considered to be a fair deal (time will tell whether I really got a fair deal) on a used (pre-owned is what they like to say) car. Do your homework (KBB.com, Edmunds.com etc) As long as the car performs like I expect it to over time, I will be happy. Sam Ladd was the salesman who always treated me courteously and let me drive lots of cars while I was deciding what vehicle I wanted. I drove everything from subcompacts to full sized SUVs. I visited many dealerships I chose Toyota of Santa Barbara because they ultimately had the vehicle that I wanted. I bought what I believe will meet my families needs. The negotiation process was business like and I believe that Frank Flores the sales manager was up front with me and answered my concerns. Be prepared and stick to your position throughout the process.
110	adjudicated	2	3 separate reviews:  CITY TOUR: 1 STAR -Not worth the time or money. We never got a confirmation email when booking over the phone. Then during the tour we had to wait and be hassled over payment that was already cleared on our account. Don't do this tour if you get carsick easily. It was full and we had to sit in the back. You can't see anything on the tour through the tinted windows and you only stop at two places that I never would have stopped at on my own.   The only intriguing part was the Katrina history during the visit the the 9th ward. Do yourself a favor and take the green street cars, save your money and REALLY see things on your own time. We couldn't get pictures of anything and wish we would have done a walking tour instead or tried the red bus tours.  PLANTATION TOUR: 5 STARS! Our driver Stacie gave us a history of the surrounding area and a lot of cool information on our way to the plantation. Laura Creole plantation had an amazing history. Our guide there was Ethan and he did a really good job explaining about the owners journey to this land and how the slaves were treated and also their journey. We felt that it was a balanced historical view of the plantation in general. After that tour we went to the Oak Alley plantation. The grounds alone are worth the trip. The tour guides really focus on the landowners and not so much on the lives of the slaves living there. But you have some time after the tour to visit the  slave quarters on your own. But we wished that there would have been a more balanced explanation of both experiences like at the Laura Plantation. The buses are big and you can recline and take a nap on your way back to the hotel. (No car sickness)   SWAMP TOUR: 4 STARS and we didn't even see any alligators! This would have been a five-star tour if we would have seen alligators. But our guide Henry was very thorough and explained a lot of great details about the surrounding area. We got to see some boars, raccoons, and birds. It started to rain with thunder and lightning so we did not see any alligators because we had to go back for safety reasons. We did try to see some alligators but they don't come out if it's cold. Don't book your tour if it's cold or storming and I'm sure it will be a 5 star tour for you.  The buses are big and you can recline and take a nap on your way back to the hotel. (No car sickness)
111	adjudicated	1	Overrated. This place is ok, often the crust is burned...maybe our pallets aren't sophisticated enough to appreciate that taste but it's not our thing. We enjoyed the cauliflower salad and the fried dough ball dessert is delish
112	adjudicated	2	I've had better, but pretty good for a neighborhood sushi joint. I'll go back, sure.   Roll menu fairly limited, but my guess is they'd accommodate most any request. Service was attentive and speedy. All staff was eager to please. Other reviewers are right: Service is thoughtful and attentive.   I thought the rolls were all fine (Mariner, Rose #1, San Francisco), but nothing like "aw damn!" good. I really can't complain, except to be honest, I have had more memorable sushi. Still though, competent and perfectly acceptable.   I never knew this was here, so I'm glad I found it. For a quick pop in for sushi near the house, this can't be beat.
113	adjudicated	3	I stopped in for lunch one day after years of, 'I really need to try that place.'  I really like their layout.  They have an uncrowded floor of tables and booths and a lunch counter along one side.  The counter faces the cooks' area, which I like because the bustle of multiple grills, fryers, and prep areas serves as a good distraction, not to mention you get frequent interaction with the staff.  They were busy and getting everything done, but they weren't rude or frazzled, and I had a real sweet waitress.  I ordered the fried shrimp po boy dressed, and asked for a side of rebbeans instead of fries.  I almost had second thoughts on that because the burgers that they were cooking right in front of me looked and smelled so good.  I really have a difficult time resisting the grill.  The food was average and is what you would expect in a tourist spot in the Quarter.  They may get another star if I go back for one of them burgers.
114	adjudicated	3	When I was preparing to write this review and give Sam's a particular number of stars, I encountered a dilemma.  Should my star rating be based upon comparing Sam's to all Sports Bars in which I have ever been?  Or, should it be a comparison to Nashville Sports Bars?  I chose the former:  compared to everywhere - because if you're from out of town that only seemed fair.  The sad news is that for a vibrant southeastern city where we have two professional sports teams, our sports bars kinda suck.  Sam's is honestly one of two great sports bars in the city.  I really like Sam's and I really like the patio in Spring, Summer, and early Autumn.  But, when compared to so many sports bars across the country in other cities of comparable size with their own sports' teams... Sam's is just mediocre.    The service is always a toss up, and the ladies dressed in those referee outfits - could you not find some attractive Southern women to put on those booty shorts and v-cut referee shirts?  Some of the regular old-time employees who have been there since I was in undergrad - a decade ago - really should not be wearing tight clothes.  Wow.  That was just really mean.  I'm sorry.  The food is on the better side of bar fare.  But their beer selection could want for some better beers and a wider variety of selection.  The mixed drinks tend to be a bit weak, in my opinion.  But, hey, it's a bar.  It has lots of TVs and they play the game commentary over the speakers throughout the bar.  All and all, if you want to watch sports at a bar, then I would recommend Sam's.
115	adjudicated	2	Great birthday cakes...I mean it.   BUT: The cupcakes and cookies out front tend to be stale at times...although when I have complained they made good on everything.    I will go back!
116	adjudicated	2	Lots and lots of mostly fried seafood. Surprisingly expensive for a working class joint. It's the kind of place a dock worker would take his family for a fancy meal and not feel out of place. And it's definitely a New Orleans sort of experience. But the food isn't that great.
117	adjudicated	3	They have combination deals that make rolls and sushi super cheap! The rolls are definitely on the smaller side, so you'll need to order up on the combination deal if you want to get full. Sashimi was actually more fresh than I thought it would be, considering the price!   Also, the joint is sort of small, and the service is slow, but the place is BYO, so you can just head downstairs and bring up some beers while you're waiting.
118	adjudicated	1	I like the Neuvo-Latino-Americano grub here.  The place has moved locations and is now a bit larger.  Chips & Salsa are always fresh 7 tasty, too.  I wish I could give a more substanital review but I ate here so long ago - and at the old location - so I'd better just keep my mouth shut.
119	adjudicated	0	I only go here when I need something that Trader Joes doesn't carry. They are overpriced, and understaffed. Not a fan.
120	adjudicated	3	This place has a few good things going for it:   1. REALLY good gravy fries...seriously, if you haven't had them yet - you haven't lived 2. The staff here is friendly and entertaining! Don't let it alarm you if a waitress and a member of the kitchen staff randomly have a lover's quarrel...its all part of the character of the place! lol! 3. It is the perfect bar to watch ANY Philly sports team...but especially the Phillies.  4. Pretty good beer selection, too!
121	adjudicated	3	Have only been once a couple of months ago, so maybe this was a one-off experience...Ordered a piece of carrot cake, which tasted fine. Certainly not the best I've ever had but good enough. The to go packaging was a bit overkill just for that one slice of cake, as was the $10 price tag. That being said, I'm sure the "fanciness" of the place is what makes it so appealing to folks. It really is quite unique and cute for our area and would be a good place to go with the gals (rather than my husband who hates all things trendy, lol).   My problem, though, was with the service. We placed our order for the carrot cake with a nice young teenager, and then waited. And waited. I could see the carrot cake just sitting in the pretty covered cake stand, and I felt really tempted to just slice it myself. After a bit (felt like 10 minutes, although I'm sure it was more like 5 or 6), another employee came and sliced the carrot cake, setting the slice on the back counter with the ticket. And then we waited. And waited some more. After about another 5 to 10 minutes, I flagged the teenager down and asked if he could box up the cake for us. He seemed confused, and it took an awkward minute-long exchange for him to understand we hadn't yet received our order. He did apologize for the wait, which I do appreciate, boxed up the cake, and then we were on our way.  I should clarify that we did not go into the shop at a busy time. It was a relatively cool day and not many people were out. While there were maybe 2 to 3 tables seated, we were the only ones at the counter ordering. And while I'm sure the wait staff who repeatedly walked by our lonely piece of carrot cake sitting on the back counter had many important tasks...I just wanted to eat my $10 cake.  Four stars for the cake. Two stars for the service.
122	adjudicated	2	Four stars for price.  I drive truck, so I've eaten bbq all over America. This place is better than most, but it's certainly not 4 star worthy. I'd say the food is more like 2.5 star.  The cheeseburger was quite large and the meat was tasty. (Be advised: if you don't stop them they'll automatically put that disgusting invention called mayonnaise on it.) I got it plain so I can't comment on their lettuce/tomato game.  The pork bbq sammich was soggy on the bottom. Moist is good, but this was just plain wet. The meat itself was bland but not bad.  The bbq sauce is pretty good but not great.  The Mac & Cheese tasted ok but the noodles were way overcooked. It'd be much better if it were baked and had a little crustiness to it.   If I lived local I'm sure I'd come here occasionally.
123	adjudicated	1	I've only eaten at Cosi when I travel. I've eaten at this location a few times. I like their flatbreads and salads.  There bbq chicken Flatbread is good. It's a pretty good portion size too.
124	adjudicated	3	Great place to stay if you want to be on Bourbon street.  The staff is really hospitable and didn't fail me on food choices.  The room is nice and big.  However, I stayed in room 263 and thought it was perfect because it was not a room that faced Conti.  I was wrong because it was closer to the vending and ice machines.  The door/wall was thin enough that I heard conversations in the hall next to the vending machines.  I would have rated the hotel with 4 stars if it wasn't for the thin walls.
125	adjudicated	3	Love the tap room, but I can't seem to get the hours of business right.  My first visit was a kinda a let down.  I had heard that bier was the place to go for great beers in Indianapolis, but I only found 2 that I liked and only 1 was memorable.  However, bier rotates their taps weekly and does not seem to have any regular taps, I like this because it means that they are constantly challenging themselves to create a better beer.   The tap room is a lot of fun too with people constantly revolving around the taps to taste and find their favorite for the week and then relaxing and talking in the lounge area.  I only gave them 3stars this time but I look forward to improving their score after future visits.
126	adjudicated	1	The food is delicious but the service has always been pretty slow if not bad which would be understandable if it was busy it's just usually it's not .
127	adjudicated	2	This was my 1st visit here.  Overall, not that impressed!  To start with parking was really bad!  There are good choices of beer on draft.  The food was ok.  We split a few appetizers.  The fried olives were very tasty & different!  The rest of the appetizers were ok: the blue cheese chips, calamari, & meat/cheese platter.  I would try this place again, but overall not thrilled!
128	adjudicated	1	Really not sure what the hype was when it opened. It's fine, the ambiance was nice, but the menu is limited and food is nothing to write home about. They are in a nice location so at least if you decide to wait, then you have things to see...
129	adjudicated	1	Great breakfast fare and all. Eggs provençale was pretty good; all kinds of herbs and seasonings, but cooked inconsistently. Tomato on the side was awesome.  Omelets were executed well, and the pastries were pretty impressive.  But the coffee was horrendously bad. And without good coffee, what's the point of breakfast?  And I still can't trust restaurants that have misspellings on their menus. Even if the misspelling is from another language.
130	adjudicated	2	Another Yelper hit it -- this is a noisy, crowded restaurant with big screen TVs.  I wouldn't call it a sports bar.  Nothing wrong with the place.  Cool location, good beer selection.  The food - delicious, but eliminates itself as a "sports bar". My sons and I wanted to catch some pub grub and the hockey game.  Got the game.  The grub-- eclectic.  Do go here if you want a busy, bustling, energetic, tasty, flavorful, thumping music-beat experience.  Don't go here if you want  a burger, a beer and a hockey game amidst sports conversation.
131	adjudicated	2	Pretty good bagels, be sure to ask for extra cream cheese if you like a lot. The people are always pleasant which is unique to Dunedin. The bad thing is the guy doesn't wash his hands or wear gloves. He took a previous customers money, my money,  used the phone and wiped his nose, then he made my bagel. I won't go back. If this doesn't bother you, the bagels are pretty good.
132	adjudicated	3	Food was well prepared and fresh. I had the oso bucco ravioli. The ravioli were definitely homemade, they were a little light on the filling which made them less flavourful then they should have been. Service was great,  the place was so loud the wait staff had a hard time hearing us unless we raised our voice. Good place. Extremely tiny and tables are jammed in. Not recommended for a date night. With so many great places to eat in this neighborhood the only thing that would bring me back is the fact it's bring your own bottle. Otherwise I know I could find something as good or better with less noise, a tad more elbow room, and more flavor
133	adjudicated	2	Still running on EST, we arrived @8:30 on a Saturday to find no wait to be seated OR helped, ordering up the sweet potato pancakes with cinnamon cream syrup (good topped with excellent) with some borderline awful hash browns (really, people??). Can't say I'd return even without a wait, though; would prefer to just buy a jar of the syrup and apply it at home. Ended up at $24.43 pre-tip; no paper towels in the restroom and the day had barely started, so that was probably a dogshow.
134	adjudicated	1	3.5 stars because they don't serve alcohol (and I was in dire need of a drink after a veryyyy long week). Get the margherita pie - it is delicious and fresh. Also ordered the Greek salad for an appetizer which was filled with yummy veggies. Yum.
135	adjudicated	3	Ice cream wasn't the best, and definitely not for the price. But it was there when I was passing through Belmawr, and it hit the spot when I needed to satisfy my sweet tooth!   The service was friendly, albeit a little slow. And the place has a cute, quaint charm about it with the decor. If I lived in the area I'd probably return, but I wouldn't make any special trips to go back here.
136	adjudicated	1	Please note: the coffee is excellent! However, you have to ask for cream and sugar. I find this pretentious and intimidating. It's coffee. I want it how I want it. It shouldn't be such a big deal.
137	adjudicated	2	Nice view from outside tables. It has typical beach food and typical beach service, but nice place to grab a drink with a view.
138	adjudicated	3	IF YOU ARE ON A STUDENT BUDGET, READ ON:  This is a 5 mile wide/long convention center. It has up to 2,000 guestrooms.  The conference I went to had 6,000 attendants. Of course I booked late and I didn't want to spend $200+/night on these hotel rooms! Otherwise this place is ginormous. The service (shuttle), lunch/drinks were really well done.  This place is immaculate; I do not know how many workers they staff.    The food of course is overpriced (I had lunch/dinner at Wasabi. My bento box was $25.  Overpriced right?)  I also had lunch at the pizza place Paisano (forgot the name).     If you decide to stay at the hotels across the street from the convention center (it is only 1 mile away - across from the McGovick Pwky).  They have Cracker Barrel, Apple Bees, Chillis?, McDonalds there.  The hotel I stayed in (being on a student budget) was crappy but I can't complain for $55/night.  It was Days Inn. It was walkable to shuttle pick up stop at Marriott Hotel (walk ~0.3 miles).    They have Finleys pub, FUSE (night/club), STAX burger, Jack Daniels and more restaurants inside this convention center.    I posted some photos.
139	adjudicated	2	Great ambiance!  Loved the trendy and modern decor.  The presentation of the dishes was also great.  The food was just okay though.  The potatoes weren't cooked and the pancakes were a bit on the greasy side.  Would def. go back again and give it another try...french toast and omelette looked good!  I would also like to try their lunch. Service was excellent.
140	adjudicated	3	Late one Saturday night, some friends and I made the mistake of trying to get drinks at Plough and the Stars and left very quickly. We were walking around trying to find somewhere else to go, noticed this unmarked bar and decided to check it out. We were so excited to see that there were so many great beers on tap, and there was a decent crowd there so we stuck around. It was a fun night! And after a few weeks of wondering where we had gone, we were able to find the Irish Pol on Yelp :D  I went back for happy hour recently and it wasn't exactly as I had remembered. It was pretty dark and dingy looking inside,  and the few people there were much much older. It just had a weird vibe. The beer was still great of course. The happy hour special was $3 drafts, but most of the beers I wanted weren't included. I won't be back for happy hour, but I would definitely stop in on a Saturday night!
141	adjudicated	1	I guess the ingredients weren't as fresh today since my boyfriend threw up twice upon eating chili beef nachos.  We had a to-go order - I got a chicken burrito.  It gave me some stomach cramps and other issues.  Just a heads up.  However, we keep coming back since I love your shredded beef.  I thought I would change it up today.
142	adjudicated	3	Stayed here for a bachelorette party. This place got the job done. Unfortunately, all the hotels in Santa Barbara are pretty freaking pricey. A lot of the other hotels started at $400+ /night.  This ain't Vegas where you can get something pretty cushy for $250. This seemed like a decent option on the lower end. Our rooms were about $250 a night. A lot of the other hotels in the area were already booked for the weekend or required more than one night to book.   Pros:  -decently priced -clean and cozy rooms -charming exterior and grounds -relatively comfortable beds -bath and body works shampoo, body wash etc -free water bottles and fruit waiting for you in the room  Cons: -dated decor  -toilet issues: The hook inside kept coming undone. I guess we decided not to get maintenance because we temporarily fixed it, but it kept coming undone so it wouldn't really flush. We were checking out that day, so we decided just to deal with it.  - door was difficult to open without using a certain technique -no hair dryer, so bring your own -no complimentary breakfast -a bit noisy in the morning, but I slept fine. I guess the window in the bathroom was open or something for some ventilation.  Overall, I still don't think I would've chosen to stay anywhere else in Santa Barbara, so BW Pepper Tree Inn was still a good choice based on the location of the bachelorette and price range.
143	adjudicated	2	My friend and I had dinner here on Sunday. I was surprised to be seated next to another party on the same table with just a small partition separating us. This is how some of the tables are if you are a party of 4 or less. The restaurant is small and can get loud. We had very good service. The food was ok, we got the Kale Ceaser and the Fried chicken with mac n cheese. They were out of watermelon so the salad that was supposed to come with the chicken had to be changed to something else. I was impressed with the soft egg that came with Kale ceaser, it was nicely encased in a crispy crust and the yolk was nice and runny.
144	adjudicated	2	Was rather disappointed in the service.  We found our own table as requested to do but wait staff continually walked by without even acknowledging us.  After ordering a flight of their beers, again it was a long wait.  Not impressed by any of the beers.  One even tasted like soap.  Have tried other flights at other breweries and find it a great way to pick a favorite.  But not here.
145	adjudicated	2	Neat diner, unlike other diners as it's quaint and has a good feel to it. I had the Yankee pot roast....which was ok....mashed potatoes were just ok and the meat was kind of bland. The veggies were excellent, fresh, not out of a can.  My wife had an omelette which she said was good. Service was excellent.
146	adjudicated	0	Brooke's music needs to go. No more pop edm.
147	adjudicated	1	Cheap food and large selection. Unfortunately, they forgot our order, we waited 15 minutes and they were not even sorry about it. Bad customer service.
148	adjudicated	2	Well I did visit here a Year ago, long before the e.coli / colliform scare, so I have not been back out of concern for my health and safety. Darn shame too as I really did like this place, but I must admit that I still am not confident they have their act in order. My suggestion is they need to cook their meat longer and ensure it reaches optimum 165°F Temp, serve the food very hot temp to ensure bacteria are dead, and only source their greens and veggies from USA only sources. Avoid Mexico as they have big issues with water pollution cross-contamination.
149	adjudicated	2	Place for latest night eats around and drive through is a must. New menu items and some veggie options etc. forgot to put my dessert order in the bag though so I was very bummed when I noticed far too late!
150	adjudicated	1	It's just a place to get my mail.  It's about $250.00 per year for a little box.  it makes sense for us because we travel so much.  I don't want any important mail being delivered to my house.   I have a door key to the store so I can access my letter box after hours. My larger parcels are kept in the back.  I get a phone call every time I receive one.   I would rather ship out my parcels using Fed-ex because they are cheaper and more reliable.    My husband has used their printing services and is happy with them.  I see packaging materials and other stationary goods for sale, but I prefer to use Canada Post for that. No problem with the staff.  They are cheerful and helpful.  They know me well. The strip mall location can be a little sketchy.  Some druggies and homeless people like to hang out at the neighbouring store fronts.
151	adjudicated	3	We visited this place because of its location on the wharf, and because my husband loves seafood. It's tiny, but we were there on a Tuesday evening, and only had to wait a few minutes. We ended up sitting at the bar; it would have been a longer wait for a table outside, since there are so few. Because of its size, it's a little noisy, but not bad. The service was very good. My husband had the crab sandwich, and wasn't impressed. It's served on very uninspiring white bread. I had the fried shrimp, and enjoyed it very much; it was not greasy or heavy, and the shrimp was moist and tasty. There is literally nothing but shellfish on the menu. So, the non-seafood enthusiast (me) was happily surprised to enjoy the shrimp so much (plus good onion rings), but the seafood enthusiast (my husband) didn't love the crab sandwich. If we tried this place again, he would order something else. The location is awesome, so if you like shellfish, definitely give this place a try.
152	adjudicated	2	This tour is one to take when you want to have a lazy day, but you want to do a passive activity.  Me & my friends didn't wan the lunch, we just wanted to take a tour of the Mississippi.  The cost was average - around $28.00.  Con:  Remember it is a tour, so they have the typical tourist traps - photographer - me and friends declined that option.    I would suggest if you aren't going to eat - to pull out your smartphone and research the Natchez Native American Tribe who inhibited the area prior to the colonization of the New Orleans area - interesting "tid bits of rituals", so that made the boat ride more fun because I became the secondary tour leader to my group.  If you are in the mood-go get a drink and this will comfort you as you learn more about the area on a steamboat.  Not a bad way to spend a few hours.
153	adjudicated	2	Trying to find a restaurant in The Big Easy that serves vegetarian is not an "Easy" feat  We've encountered many the restaurant who would tell us time & time again that they did not have or *would* not make something to accommodate veggie needs & it was such a letdown.....to this day I still remember 1 guy saying "Vegetarian?  Aww, you gotta get out earrrrrly for *that*".  We still laugh about it....  Well, over the last few years, we're noticing more & more places recognizing veggies like to eat Southern / Cajun comfort food & they are starting to open up their menus to us! ( YAY)  Seeing that Muriel's Jackson Square had such an offering, we made rezzies to ensure we veggies got fed - you'll want to do this too - veggie or not!  They were packed & quoting 2 hr waits & this was at 9pm!  Started w/ drinkys at the bar - Sazerac for the Mr & I had the uber-delish Honey Child cocktail: honey-infused vodka & muddled blackberries.  The Mr liked mine so well that he ordered 1 too, to go w/ dinner & just to be nice, I had another as well so he wouldn't have to drink alone  Their veggie appie had eggplant, of which I'm not a fan so we asked the waitress if they could make their Goat Cheese Crepe, veggie & she said sure.  Since the description said it was topped w/ crawfish, we thought, this would be easy..... but unfortunately, the roulade sauce was made seafood stock. ACK!  Wished you had told us this!  The Mr however, said the crepe was nice & plump, the goat cheese was creamy & smooth & he liked it, barring the sauce  Mains consisted of their Veggie Soiree - this was a sampling of little dollops of veggie tastes - some you'll find on their side dish offerings & some not  Divine beets & roasted acorn squash  Polenta topped w/ chickpeas & a basil sauce - flavorful though those beans were crunchy & could have used a bit more time in the cooker.... same w/ the crunchy wild rice  Yams were very flavorful & had lots of ginger - the Mr got to indulge in both our dollops of chard - I tried a bite & it triggered my dislike for cooked greens  Too full for dessert, we left w/ happy tummies & thankfulness for a nice veggie night out.  A-OK night!
154	adjudicated	1	I went back here and either I didn't remember the prices  (because someone else had paid last time) or their prices had gone up. It was almost $20 for 2 basic sushi rolls!! While the portions are big, they aren't filling enough to justify such a high price for 2 rolls for lunch. Will not be coming back at those prices.
155	adjudicated	1	It is what you expect in an Acme, the only thing I found a little different with this one is that it seemed the aisles were a little narrower than in other stores. Store is a little smaller than others so not as wide of a variety, but was fine, looks like they've upgraded some areas like the frozen/refrigerated food sections. Service was fine.
156	adjudicated	4	This is our "go to" place! The food is consistently good and we always have friendly attentive waiters to sometimes help with our decisions. One of our favorites is the pasta pockets with pear filling. Really delicious! It's also byob which is always a plus. This is a great restaurant with a real cozy, family atmosphere. Highly recommend.
157	adjudicated	3	To sum it up, it's an average bar with ties to a very well-known TV show - but that fact doesn't make the food or much else better. When I went they had $4 White Rascal's and on top of that I had the normal gravy fries. $11 for fries, steep to say the least. They were steak fries, covered in gravy and mozzarella cheese and while pretty damn good, I would be hesitant to say that they're worth the price. Service was good, sometimes a little slow, but still friendly.
158	adjudicated	2	Food and coffee are great. Just have 30 Minutes to stand in line and wait for the ONE cashier to make change. Either they fix this and add another cashier or they will be dead. Shouldn't have to wait for one cashier while 5 other folks stand behind the one cashier watching the line grow. Adds other till!
159	adjudicated	2	I came here because of the higher rating and they accepted my insurance. My initial visit went well, no complaints on the staff or the doctor at that time.   They switched my brand from Acuvue to Air Optix and about 2 weeks after using the contact I started to experience pain, redness and irritation. I took my contacts out that evening and had red rings around both of my eyes. I tried contacting them via telephone and left a message as well as email, I failed to hear back from them in a timely manner so I reached out to them again and got ahold of them. I simply wanted my contacts switched back to Acuvue and they tried to tell me that it was allergies causing my problems and were insisiting on me keeping Air Optix. Eventually I did get them to agree to switch my contacts back to acuvue.   In march I had another eye irritation and I went to Vanderbilt Eye Institue, they told me it was a continued reaction to the Air Optix lenses because I did not give my eyes enough time to heal before applying my new contacts - which was I was not educated on by Music City Optical when I got my new set of contacts. I then reviewed them on facebook at that time.   Today (8/30/16) I recieved a response to my review on facebook and a corresponding email stating that I was being slanderous and lying, which was not the case at all. I was simply explaining my experience with Music City Optical.
160	adjudicated	2	This place has a great location for the hungry tourist. It manages to be edgy yet chill at the same time. My reason for stopping in was to try the ahi fish tacos with avocado relish, which sounded awesome. At around 3 there was still a healthy amount of people attesting to its popularity and eatability. They had a selection of local microbrews (bottle, not draft) for those interested in getting a taste of Philly in beer form. Alas, I ordered my tacos, but had a little Scooby Doo moment when the arrived. Somehow the chef decided that it was okay to put such a delicate fish in premade taco shells...enough to makes this SoCal girl wince a little and question whether I should consume. Luckily the flavor of the fish was great. I only saw one half inch cube of avocado, but at least the sauce was yummy!  I got a glimpse of the brunch menu...looks pretty tasty I must say...
161	adjudicated	2	Here for convention and Imo's was suggested as "The Best" St. Louis Style pizza by hotel staff.   I opted for delivery which was good and efficient. The food arrived still hot. I ordered a medium pepperoni and an order of toasted ravioli.   Now, I knew the cheese on the pizza was provel so it would taste different. I was really not impressed. It may just be a matter of taste preference. It was hard to separate each piece of pizza too.  Like, it wasn't cut all the way through. Not really a fan. So thumbs down on the pizza.   What bumps the stars up are the T-Ravs!  I was hoping for cheese ravioli but the staple is a meat mixture. Boy...do they do it justice. They were the bomb!  The sauce with it was too watery but still tasty. I would order just the ravioli next time!
162	adjudicated	0	Can't go wrong with some Todd Cobell!
163	adjudicated	2	I am such a big fan of DSW but for some reason I don't care much for this one.  I mean it is decent, but when I went to the one in Marlton 2 days later, I found even more shoes I liked and even better quality in the clearance section.  I was kind of upset by the new layout because it actually feels more like a warehouse when I never got that feel before.  Not many people asked if I needed help or even paid me much attention which was annoying too
164	adjudicated	3	Needs some attention in the dining room. Good salad  but skimpy on the bread. No sweet tea .  I noticed a booth with children almost be for at least 30 minutes. One was a sleep. Finally an employee came out to them. She must have brought to work with her. I was concerned because they were small & alone.
165	adjudicated	1	I came in here the other night for a  post-show snack after seeing a ESO performance at the Winspear. The main reason we chose this location was because it was close to the Winspear, and open late (until 11:30pm on Friday and Saturday). I don't have any strong criticisms of the restaurant. I suppose, if anything, the menu may have seemed a little bit over-priced - at least for what I ordered. I had a Caesar salad with three 'jumbo' shrimp on it, which cost $15. The portion size did not seem to justify the cost and the jumbo shrimp were fairly average in their size, but the flavours were good and the ingredients were fresh. My friend had a soup, which looked and smelled absolutely amazing, and at $6 it didn't seem too unreasonable. She also had the smoked salmon Carpaccio, which looked very appetizing with its thick slices of dark rye bread and generous slices of smoked salmon and capers. The also had a couple of interesting beers on their menu that we were keen to try.  I think if you're going to a show in the area and looking for a spot to get a drink or a snack afterward, this is not a bad option. Their menu at that time of night had an interesting mix of appetizers and desserts that seemed to provide something to suit most tastes.  I'm assuming Normand's Bistro must be connected to the Normand's restaurant which is on Jasper Avenue. Of interest, I have heard that Normand's took over the brunch menu that had formerly been offered at the Glenora Bistro.
166	adjudicated	4	The Sunrise Family Restaurant is an old style diner that has a very small-town, homey feel.   Service is prompt and super friendly.  I had a Monte Cristo sandwich per the waitresses recommendation and I won't lie, it was pretty disappointing.  Take a stack of turkey and a couple thick slices of ham out of their respective industrial packs, microwave them with some swiss cheese on top and serve on limp french toast.  Somebody out there might like it.  I didn't.   It came with a salad and fries, both of which were good.  The fries were thick steak fries cooked to a perfect golden brown.     I have a feeling there are some good items on the menu.  I would especially be interested in trying breakfast.  I'll be back.
167	adjudicated	2	First time at Butcher & Bee with my husband who joined me and my co-workers for lunch one day. I love the place, it so cute with the farmhouse feel. It's really open and cute booths that offers some privacy. We had a group of 7 and it was a bit tight, but we were able to be sat right away. I ordered the pork belly gnocchi, and it was good, but not great. I felt it lacked texture. If the pork belly was crispy, it would have sealed the deal. My husband ordered the trout sandwich, unfortunately, he was disappointed that it was basically a 'tuna salad' sandwich. He did not enjoy it. For dessert, we ordered coconut macaroons, which were good. Co-workers had mixed reviews, but one ordered the KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) sandwich, and he liked it. Will definitely have to give this place another try. Also, the use books for bill holders, so cute!
168	adjudicated	1	I'm not really into the fast food scene BUT Chick fil A is a step above. Great quality food! I don't feel like I'm eating a ton of fillers!
169	adjudicated	1	This place is good. For the lofty prices the proportions were very small. However the drinks were cheap and the service was very good. The piano is a nice touch as well.   The cheesecake is incredible, just get it and don't look back.
170	adjudicated	2	This is as close to Japanese cuisine I get! I'm not a big fan of sushi, sashimi or maki, but I really enjoy their rice bowls and tempura. This location is not terribly busy so you won't have to wait in line for too long.   They also provide catering options so you can have sushi and maki platters at your functions.  The service has always been good, for fast food. And I know I can keep somewhat on my eating plan when I go here. It's a fast lunch or dinner if you're in a hurry to.
171	adjudicated	1	If you like a quiet  shopping experience without the crowds, this mall is the place for you.
172	adjudicated	2	Nice location and very friendly device. The restaurant feels like you could actually be dining in Ethiopian. The food however is probably a 6/10 based on several other Ethiopian restaurants we have eaten at. The lack flavor and taste. It's a reasonable restaurant for sure but again quite average - nothing special.
173	adjudicated	3	I've been to Mount Laurel's On the Border over 50 times. I used to go to Don Pablo's but I fell in love with On the Border's chips and salsa (their chips are nice and salty, and their salsa is a little spicier).  When I go, 90% of the time I just sit at the bar and drink beer and snack on their chips and salsa. The beer specials are pretty good but could be a little better- weekdays has a happy hour as well as a late night happy hour too.  When I do dine, I often just enjoy a variety of vegetarian sides. Lately, I've grown to enjoy their cheese enchiladas, which I find delicious. Service when dining is usually great.  As for the bartenders, it's really hit-or-miss. Joann is probably my favorite- she's friendly, attentive, funny, and I've really gotten to know her, and I'd give them 5 stars if my experience was with her alone. There is a bartender named Nikki though, and if she's there, I always get the worst service. She barely checks on me/us to see how we're doing, she seems unfriendly, if she actually comes to refill your chips then she will not refill your salsa, she has taken my beer and refilled it without asking (when I was done and trying to leave), and I've had to wait forever to ask her for my check. At least twice, I've had to ask other bartenders to bring my check so that I could finally close out and leave. I'd give them 1 star if my experience was based on her alone.  Overall, good appetizers, cold beer, moderate prices, and usually good service.
174	adjudicated	3	Delicious food, sub-par service. I stopped into this dessert bar today to grab some dessert and a coffee to-go. While everyone seemed to be very helpful, or at least wanting to be, I'm not sure I received the best possible service. I ordered two slices of cake, one marshmallow chocolate and one cheesecake. Both were DELICIOUS, but it seemed like I waited forever to receive these, and when i did, it was in a cute but inefficient manner. The to-go boxes were stacked one on top of the other, with a loosely tied string around them. While I admire the aesthetics here, I would have much preferred a bag. Though, the worst part of my experience was the barista. I ordered an iced coffee with milk and sugar. First, he put ice in the cup and filled it halfway with coffee. He then asked me to pick and put in my own sugars from a cup of packets as he stated "I wouldn't know what and how much you want, I only drink my coffee black." As I considered this incompetent statement, i expected him to then put more hot coffee in to help the sugar dissolve. But no, he proceeded to fill the rest of the HALF OF THE CUP with milk. And then handing me the drink he told me I'd better stir it to mix the cream and sugar in. Not sure why I'd paid such a high price to practically make my own half-coffee half-mild beverage, I simply smiled and walked away. I ended up throwing out the drink as I could hardly even taste the coffee and I'm not too fond of a lot of milk in my coffee. Nonetheless, the cakes were delicious, and I will be coming back with the hopes that this new business is still in the process of improving itself.
175	adjudicated	2	With all the talk of bbq tips, sweetie pie, etc of St. Louis...I decided to try this place after flying in. The customer service was great, they make their own BBQ sauce which is between a sweet, tangy with pinch of spice. It could be considered overpowering if not used to it. The pull pork sandwich was recommended along with beans and Cole slaw. Again, this could be too much for one who has never tried it and/or intake this type of food on a daily basis.
176	adjudicated	2	Katie's is a neighborhood restaurant that has existed in one form or another for a few generation.  It's classic New Orleans fare with an Italian-American slant.  Great meatballs.  You'll see all types of classic New Orleans old people dinging before 8pm.   You won't be disappointed if your expectations aren't too high.
177	adjudicated	3	This is a very mediocre place.  The location itself is in the same dirty strip mall as Mozzarella Pizza. The inside has that "we don't really care about the looks" feel to it.  It's not dirty, per se.  It just doesn't look very clean.  Everything looks like its falling apart.  It probably gets its business from suburbanites like me craving what we think of as Chinese food.  All that said, the food I had was palatable.  Nothing outstanding or amazing: it was just all right.  I won't recommend against it, but it's nothing that you would think of as that great either.
178	adjudicated	2	Came here tired of going to buffets and other buffets like locations. This was a few minutes walk from the Peppermill too.  The place was next to a few auto repair places and most likely are patronized by them. The food is but a low-quality Chinese food. They couldn't get our orders right the 1st time around and the 2nd time ordered a simple dish that tasted completely nasty.
179	adjudicated	3	Bigger than the Rittenhouse location & there's actually street parking! Server was super friendly and happy to tell me her favorites. Got a taste of the Groothie and I'm glad I did because it was too sweet for me. The Udon Noodle Salad was great.
180	adjudicated	3	I think I would've given this place a 4/5 star rating if not for the lackluster service and attitude. The entrees were good, the prices were spot on, and the breadsticks were delicious.  Ahh, the breadsticks. This is where the attitude part kicks in. These things are advertised as "as much as you want for free." However, my buddy heads up to the front counter to request enough for our table of three only to be given a hard time from the manager that we're eating more breadsticks than what we ordered. Give me a break. Don't advertise what you don't want to deliver.  Even ordering was a chore. It seemed as if they had a new hire manning the register during the lunch hour rush. She was placing orders as to-go for people looking to dine-in and had to have the manager place orders for her. Not a good idea for a Friday lunch rush.  If this Fazoli's location can improve upon these things minor inconveniences, it'd be a great place to grab a quick bite.
181	adjudicated	3	This is the biggest and best location for HMV in the city. The prices aren't any different from other stores but they do have a larger selection of gifting (figurines,mugs,blankets etc) as well as the largest collection of titles that don't fit into what is new and hot at the moment. Anything that they don't carry can actually be ordered in for you but I have to say staff here are not always the best at phoning customers to let them know when their titles are in so one should definitely keep their number by the phone to check in with them after a week or so.  The biggest selling point for me here besides the selection has to be the staff at the tills. It can get a little busy here but lines are always dealt with quickly and I appreciate that they don't push as hard as other locations to try and sign you up for a pure card. F.Y.I to anybody considering the pure rewards program the redemption items are not that great. It took me about a year of collecting just to accumulate enough points for a true blood key chain and when I got it it was placed in a bubble mailer and not even in it's original packaging. Needless to say when it came time to renew the card I opted out.  Anyways to sum it all up I will say for selection and speedy service these guys get five stars but the prices as well as the sometimes slow ordering process drop it down to a 3. Still worth checking out though if you have been on the hunt at smaller stores for a particular movie or cd.
182	adjudicated	2	This a really price store with great clothes. Mostly high end stuff, everything here is designer.   The workers here are really friendly and not pushy. They will leave you alone if you just want to be left alone, they are never breathing down your neck trying to make a sale. They carry casual clothing but I think it's much better place for suits and dress shirts and fancy clothing. I think this place stands out in West Edmonton Mall in terms of service and dressy clothing for men. They really do everything to make your shopping experience better.   Be prepared to spend some coin here, although you won't be disappointed.
183	adjudicated	3	The food was pretty tasty. Nothing outstanding though. It reminds me of any Mediterranean food truck that I've been to. It's a nice late night spot. Definitely hits the spot at the end of the night. To me, the amount of food you get for the price could be improved but I would not say that I feel ripped off. The amount of food you get is fair but I think it'd be easier to justify if you got a little more.   There's plenty of seating. Despite being near a whole bunch of bar/club scenes, once you're inside it's easy to take a break and have a nice conversation. It is all very clean and well kept. The servers are quick and friendly. When I went there were only two guys working but they weren't busy so it didn't take too long. The entire restaurant is very dimly lit and the atmosphere is a bit of a hodgepodge of things. On one wall there is a mural of outer space and the music that plays seems to have no rhyme or reason to it.   It's a bit of a strange place but I would definitely go back.
184	adjudicated	3	This used to be Red's but they knocked of the "R" and re-launched as Ed's, although when I see the sign from outside I keep forgeting it's called Ed's - cause it just looks like part of the sign fell off. Ed's is huge. If you've ever been on a cruise ship, Ed's has a variety of activity spaces, restaurant, bars and lounges under one roof.   It's endless entertainment. You could probably float around here for a whole week and never get bored. There is a pool room, video games, bowling, a dance area, restaurants, lounges, a stage and much more around every corner you turn. It's a good place for young kids and birthday parties once you're too old for Chucky Cheese.   Although I've personally never seen a band here my partner has, and it's not that expensive to see good bands like Ween, Jurassic Five or Interpol. The venue's neither big or small, so Ed's can host lesser known but interesting musicians as they can sell upwards of 600 tickets. So for bands that aren't popular enough to fill the Coliseum, Ed's still helps them establish a presence in E-town.
185	adjudicated	1	I've had the fortune of eating my way across Asia Pacific, so I might be biased in saying I don't understand the rave reviews. I will say though that the conversation and company I was with more than made up for this!
186	adjudicated	2	I came in with high hopes and left with slight disappointment.   Our server was super attentive, and very friendly; however I feel like the food was disappointing. Our egg drop soup came out right away at a nice piping hot temperature and when the rest of our food came out it was practically room temperature.   Feeling adventurous, I had ordered the Shrimp with Candied Walnuts entree with brown rice while he ordered the Sesame Chicken platter. I like the idea of sharing food, but my food was too busy all on its own without adding something else to the mix. The brown rice was cold and very bland while the shrimp was overly sweet and I didn't feel like the candied walnuts and melon balls were complementary flavors.  The chocolate cake we had for dessert was amazing though; 6 layers of chocolate on chocolate. It was so sweet and rich, we ended up sharing a slice.  So to sum up, service was great, dessert was great, but the food needs some work. Sorry PF Changs, I just am not impressed.  One thing I will note (that our server told us) is that they are very big on catering to food allergies (especially gluten).
187	adjudicated	1	We ordered the rib dinner, pork on a bun, Mac n cheese, baked beans, and cole slaw.  Mac n cheese is worthwhile to prostitute yourself out for! The meat on the ribs had great flavor but was as tender as the bottom of my nikes.  Pulled pork had a sweet taste and was overall very good.  Baked beans were okay, cole slaw was very creamy and I would not gets those again (they have an after taste like lake water). The overall experience of getting BBQ in an abandoned car wash is special, worth a try!
188	adjudicated	1	I love the fries (wow, I'm still thinking about them because they're that good!) but I was not impressed by the beef kebob sandwich.  The sandwich was heavy on the onions and light on the meat, so it could have been better.  I do think that may have been an off sandwich, so I'm thinking of going back to give it a second chance (and to have another helping of fries!).  Smoothies also tasted like syrup and ice.  Prices are fair and service is great.  I love the mom and pop feel of the restaurant :).
189	adjudicated	3	On a recent trip to Port Richey, I selected Holiday Inn Express for a couple of reasons.  The main reason was the option of two beds (as I was sharing the room with my brother).  The other reasons were:  price, vicinity to my aunt's home and complementary breakfast.   My family and I typically stay at the Hyatt Place/House when we're traveling.  However, since it was just my brother and I, I figured we'd give Holiday Inn a shot.   +  The staff were very friendly and helpful. +  Free wifi. +  Breakfast was very good, offering both hot and cold entrees.   -  Sadly, the beds were WAY TOO soft.  It felt as if the mattresses were past their life expectancy.  As a result, I didn't really sleep well for most of my three nights there. -  The a/c was hit and miss with the lack of reliable thermostat controls.   There was a pool and hot tub, but since I didn't utilize either, it wouldn't be fair to rate them.  There also a small gym that I didn't use either.   All in all, it was just ok.  Hyatt has spoiled me.
190	adjudicated	2	A laid back bar for the college crowd. Cheap drinks.  They have projectors so u can watch the big game that day. However the screen needs to be two feet wider so the picture doesn't go off into the wall.  I came here during the day so it was really spacious, but I can only imagine how it is at night.
191	adjudicated	2	My hubbie and I have been taking our trucks here for a few years and can't complain. Every Wednesday is ladies day, so you get a discount on any of their wash options. (Firemen also get a discount on Mondays) . This isn't a hand-wash, so it's not perfect  but a good $5 carwash if your "baby" needs a quick bath.  They do run a special every now and then on auto detail packages 2 for 1. My husband and I always buy when they're running this special, since they have always done a nice job.
192	adjudicated	2	Everything about this place is average. The food is just ok, the service sort of depends on your luck - sometimes good sometimes not so good.   Had the drunken noodles once and Thai green curry once. Both were average.
193	adjudicated	3	I went there for a pedicure and gel manicure.  It was my first time and the reviews was what enticed me. I loved loved Young, who did my pedicure.  She was very friendly and has a very positive attitude.  She took her time with my pedicure and was very thorough with the massaging (which was the best part).   Unfortunately Young didn't do my manicure.   I had a gel manicure that needed to be soaked off.  The owner did my nails.  She first scraped my nails with the cuticle pusher, but when it wasn't coming off fast enough, she used the drill.  I was really worried as I didn't want my nails to be thin.  But I just let her do her thing.  I'm usually not picky so when she was working on my nails I didn't watch what she was doing until I realized after close examination she didn't fully take the old gel polish off.   Not only that, the polish didn't go on smoothly, there's are noticeable bumps on my nail bed and the sides of my nails weren't even fully covered.    I am so disappointed.  I love Young, but I don't know if I'll be going back due to my experience with my gel manicure.
194	adjudicated	2	Can't say I would rush back as the ambiance wasn't exactly four star or higher. I'm not saying if I'm in the area and craving some sushi I wouldn't stop again. So prepare yourself for a slightly beaten up space but with pleasant help and ok food.
195	adjudicated	4	I waited a long time to finally try this place and I have to say I was let down a bit. I tried the mandatory Dan Dan noodles. They were very flavorful and not too spicy. Nothing mind blowing here just a really good lo mein or spicy pasta dish with virtually no protein more or less. Also had the scallion pancakes. I was just in Chinatown recently at a place I also reviewed (first person from Yelp to do so) and they were way better there. ( I highly recommend you try that place) These were more like quesadillas laying flat where as the other ones jumped off the plate and were so much more crispy and substantial. The last appetizer I had was the Wontons in Chilli oil. These were just not good to me at all and one bite was all I needed. Basically it is steamed Wontons in a bowl with the soup being the chilli oil. Just heavy heavy choking heat with very little substance or taste. Take those same homemade wontons and pan fry them with some chilli peppers and a nice light sauce and you have could a real winner but I digress. Finally we tried the Talapia Medallions . These were fried to perfection but there were some greens mixed in that I could not chew through and had to discard via the old napkin trick which to me is a bit of a deal/star breaker.  The service was very good and the atmosphere very nice but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again. All I could think about was how much more I prefer Cantonese style where its all about flavors and you can add heat as you like it. I'm sure I could find better authentic Szechuan cuisine that better suits my taste just not here. It feels very commercialized and Americanized. I prefer the hole in the wall places where I am the only caucasian in the place a heck of a lot more.
196	adjudicated	2	The food is probably one of the more mediocre Chinese food I've had, but the main appeal of this place is renting a karaoke room for a large group of people and BYOing. The restaurant is exceptionally capable of dealing with huge and rowdy groups, and the food comes out to be a decent price and comes out quickly. The karaoke machines all have pretty up to date songs in a variety of languages.
197	adjudicated	3	The staff are friendly and attentive.  They offer a wide variety of quality dancewear products at a decent price, but don't have many options for any one kind of product, at least not for men's dancewear.  The location's convenient if you live in the city, and I always stop by here first if I need something new, but three out of four times I don't find what I'm looking for.
198	adjudicated	2	This place was on my list for all of the great reviews. The lamb was very flavorful, but the garlic Naan is just frozen from Trader Joe's. Also, the lamb was fairly expensive for the amount you get. Lastly, despite saying they take American Express at the door, the owner would not accept Amex. I will likely not return.
199	adjudicated	3	I know people RAVE about this place, but frankly I find it A-OK.   It is a great location, the food is fresh, and they have a great variety of vegan options. But I find it pretty blah otherwise. I've had the crispy ranch and the curry tofu and enjoyed both of them, but I feel like I expect more out of a specialty vegan place. I did really like chick'n in the crispy ranch. The fries are pretty good too. My green lemonade was way too sweet and lemonade-y for me.   If I were you, I would try it because people love it so much and you get some unique items. But for the $10 range for a lunch item, I wouldn't  say it's nothing AMAZING.
200	adjudicated	4	To be honest, I was kind of disappointed with this place. I really wanted to like it, and it has gotten so many positive reviews, so I thought it was a sure thing, but it was just a little underwhelming. Not bad, just not amazing. I had the costanza, and the fillings were tasty, but the crust was disappointing. It was way too bread-y, as opposed to doughy, and when I think of a calzone, I think of dough like pizza dough- this was not that. The calzones are a good size, but they were a little skimpy with the meat fillings. Probably the most disappointing part was the dessert- we got the apple pie calzone, and it just had a really weird spice to it- something other than cinnamon that I couldn't put my finger on. It also didn't have that many chunks of apples inside- it was almost pureed apple. Meh.   I like the vibe of this place and it's close and convenient to where i live, so I really want to like it, but I just wasn't thrilled with it the first time. Perhaps I'll give it one more shot, but it seems a little overhyped!
201	adjudicated	2	Not bad. Sushi roll was good but options were limited. Hibachi grill: i got steak...chef asked me 2x how i like mine-medium...Still ended up with well done. Rest of my group had chicken which all voiced lacked seasoning.   Beware they DO NOT have a late happy hour 8-11 as advertised on their website. We asked the staff about it and they claimed 8-11 was for a different location. Their website nowhere indicates the happy hour is for a specific location nor does the website indicate they have multiple locations at all.
202	adjudicated	1	Came down here for some of their tasty fish tacos to find out that they have closed this location.
203	adjudicated	4	i've been a member of this gym for a couple of weeks now, and i'm enjoying it.  conveniently located, very reasonably priced, and all the basic amenities -- plenty of cardio machines, plenty of weights, a lap pool, a spin class room, and a big aerobics studio.  the staff are all really nice as well, and you get a free personal trainer session when you sign up.  and your membership fee allows you to use all of their area locations for no extra money.  and if you have kids (i don't), they offer babysitting for limited hours.  the only things i'm a bit bummed about are:  1. they don't open until 8am on the weekends (i'm an early riser and would prefer to go a bit earlier than that), and 2. the only group fitness class they offer before work is a 5:45am spin class (i'm sorry, i just can't do spin that early in the morning).  this isn't the gym for you if you want all sorts of foo-foo stuff like a smoothie bar and massage and lots of high-tech equipment.  but if you just want a place to come and work out with nice people on good equipment, then you'll save some money by joining LA fitness.
204	adjudicated	3	This theater is dated but you can't beat the cheap prices.  Staff is always very friendly and that alone keeps me dividing my time between here and the Loft.  It is never even close to being crowded and you can always see any of the major movies on top of lots of Indie films they show here and hardly anywhere else.  I would much rather wait out a movie til it comes here.
205	adjudicated	3	Fun place, inviting interior and a pleasure to hang outside with the couches, etc. brunch food was very good, and beer selection exceptional.  Waiter, however, was a disaster.  Was jerky to us from the beginning, (we were all sitting around asking each other why he was being such a jerk to us), did not know the menu at all, constantly disappeared on us, and was argumentative when he brought out the wrong order (twice)...and there were only 2 other tables at the time). Otherwise, would have gotten 4 stars.
206	adjudicated	3	Cousin's is the place to go if you live in North Philly. I take this joint any day over Fresh Grocer.   The only complaints I have is with the produce (which is expected considering it is COUSIN'S after all) and the hours (like many others have said, they have awful and inconvenient hours post-5pm).  That being said, I can get most essentials here and for much cheaper than anywhere else.   This is only a two minute bike ride from my apartment so there's no reason not to shop here. Matter of fact, I'm headed there tomorrow.  When it's too cold or you're feeling to cheap to go to Trader Joe's, Cousin's is the place to head to.
207	adjudicated	2	This is actually a 3 1/2 star review for me. Only because everything that I wanted they did not have or weren't willing to do. Firstly, I came here specifically for the chicken slider because from the picture it showed that you can get it on a biscuit and when I told the lady taking my order, she said they don't do that -__-. Then I wanted that buttermilk bites and they weren't available, however, my brother ordered the brown buttered cream sundae and got the buttermilk bites in that!! Oh yes, and the glazed donuts are so thick and dry. I liked the sliders I had though: fried chicken, beef belly and catfish(okay). And the sundae is pretty tasty. Good for a first try but not to continue coming.
208	adjudicated	2	I'm not a regular waxer, but went in for a pre-vacation treat. The wax specialist Miriam was prompt and knew what she was doing. She spent much of our hour together telling me why my regular shaving is bad and waxing is good, and seriously marketing the EWC products to me.  Brows and lower legs were done well. Underarms were left with a decent number of stray hairs which she told me I could tweeze out later. Little bits of wax were left on my skin here and there. Overall I felt like I did not walk out of there ready to hit the beach.
209	adjudicated	3	The food was very good. The reason for the three stars is the noise level. I was with three other people in a corner table and we had to shout to hear each other. If the restaurant could work on the noise level, it would absolutely get more stars. The pad see ew got great reviews from the person who ordered it. I got The King and I (veg/chicken/shrimp stir fry) and it was excellent. Nice heat and curry flavor. The pad thai was a bit sweet I thought, but the person who ordered it really liked it.  Portion sizes are not enormous. We had some leftovers but also didn't come in starving.  Good service, very attentive. The noise level was the only negative.
210	adjudicated	2	Atmosphere is adorable (5 stars!) and location is outstanding (5 stars!) but since food is likely why you would venture to a restaurant, they get an overall rating of 3.  Got a smoked turkey club and it was mostly good (loved that it came with 2 sides)... the meat just wasn't awesome. The creamed spinach was good, but the mac n cheese was kind of dry and bland (disappointing since it was an upcharge). Not giving up on this place yet, I'm determined to go back and try something else because I want to love it.
211	adjudicated	4	I purchased a used 09 Rav4 from Glanzmann Subaru last month. Coming from TN, I chose to purchase this vehicle from Glanzmann due to its limited availability and attractive price. I communicated with sales on numerous occasions before committing to purchase from Glanzmann nearly 1000 miles from home.  The process was overall quite simple, though I felt we could have gotten alot more done regarding interstate complications prior to completing travel plans to purchase the vehicle. My only actual complaint stems from the vehicle's description. As an out of state buyer, I was at the mercy of the sales team to accurately describe and depict any conditional issues that might be of interest to a prospective buyer. Unfortunately, none of the issues with this vehicle were highlighted, depicted, described, or otherwise demonstrated throughout the entire sales process. I even asked the sales agent to, while on the phone, inspect the vehicle and describe any possible imperfection so that I could have no surprises upon arrival. I spent several hundred dollars in travel expenses to collect this vehicle, only to discover there were a number of aesthetic defects that deserved attention (large dents, cracked paint, cuts in leather). I had limited time and opportunity to react to these conditional flaws and purchased the vehicle - I had already flown from Nashville to Philadelphia!   This is obviously a small family-owned dealership. I expected a considerably more honest and direct interaction and was disappointed with the outcome. The automobile is a fine machine, but the defects certainly take away from the value. Mr. Jeff Glanzmann, I implore you to make honesty your #1 policy.  I had the opportunity to purchase the same vehicle, with honestly similar defects, from a dealership in Atlanta for the same price. I opted to purchase yours, incurring not-insignificant travel expenses, because of it's immaculate description.
212	adjudicated	3	My girlfriends and I ate at the Creole House for dinner. Our decision to dine here was largely based on the fact that it was pouring raining and this restaurant is next door to our hotel. We started with the bacon garlic oysters and jumbo buffalo wings. The bacon garlic oysters were average, at best. The oysters were overpowered by the cheese and bacon, which was disappointing. The buffalo wings were pretty good and seasoned well. For entrees, we ordered: 1) jumbalaya pasta, 2) blackened red fish and 3) canal street red fish. The jumbalaya pasta lacked flavor and was our least favorite (would not order again). The blackened red fish was just okay and the skimpy side of sautéed veggies (spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms) were VERY salty (would order again as a LAST resort). The canal street red fish wasn't great but my friend would order it again. Her biggest complaint was that it had very little garlic sauce. We also ordered paddle boat drinks, which tasted good but were more juice vs alcohol (had to order an extra shot).  So, overall, we were underwhelmed with the food, making it a solid 3 stars. On a positive note, our server, Alexander, was great...very hospitable and tried his best to make sure we were satisfied.
213	adjudicated	1	hmm deep fried balls. This was my first venture with takoyaki and I love Japanese food of any kind, so needless to say I was excited. I ordered the original and was served 6 deep fried balls of goodness. They were tasty, albeit doughy, but left a greasy aching not so fresh feeling. I needed to be drunk to really appreciate the grease. Since it was my first venture I'll say its worth a try, but buyer beware they're super heavy for being small balls of dough.   The curry chicken I had was a bit disappointing. I scarfed it down thanks to my near state of starvation, but found the roux too rich for my taste. Its worth another trip for japanese fast food- one of my faves and sorely lacking in the city, but its certainly not the best I've had...
214	adjudicated	1	If you want beignets in Metarie, for my money Morning call is better than this shop.  If you're dead set on Cafe Du Monde, you're only twenty minutes including parking to Decatur.
215	adjudicated	2	Good on the 'getting away from straws' for environmental reasons! Not so good on ingredients in ur mixers! Not so impressed with bar girlZzzz energy Saturday eve... Her Margarita getZ 2 thUmbs DOWN...  ItZ kind of an easy drink...
216	adjudicated	3	I went to my first BarreAmped class at the Music Row location (I've also been to bounce class - on a trampoline - at the Nations location), and it was a great class: definitely a better workout and a better experience than some of the barre classes I've taken in town since moving to Nashville in July. Had a very family vibe - everyone knew each other in my class except for me (a Class Pass-er trying it out for the first time). Great instructor - very hands on.   The room is TINY, but luckily there were only six or seven of us in the class (it was a random class in the middle of the day on a weekday). The room is oddly shaped and very small, so if the class was full, I'm sure I would have been hitting everyone else with my arms and legs every 30 seconds. Another frustrating thing? BarreAmped is located within a house on 16th that is also a gym. The building does not say BarreAmped on it! No sign at all! It was my first time coming to this location, and I drove right past it and had to circle around to find it. Then, when I walked inside, no one was at the welcome desk, so I wasn't even sure I was in the right building! Finally someone came in (looked like something using the gym rather than working there), and she told me the BarreAmped room was the up the stairs. A bit confusing. I wish that information had been on Class Pass and that they had a sign on the building.  Still it was a great class, and I think I'd go again!
217	adjudicated	1	I like their salads, tea, and french fries! The servers were great...I've been here a few times and I'd come back!
218	adjudicated	2	Cute place to eat at. Ate breakfast here and was dissappointed after seeing such good reviews. Breakfast menu is very limited. The omlet was just OK.  Biscuit didnt have much flavor to it. We were able to be seated really quick (during the week) but i imagine it getting really crowded during the weekends.
219	adjudicated	3	I think the trendiness of this chain, in general, has sort of faded and what you have left is the basis of this chain, which is over-priced food of a questionable quality. I wouldn't call it bad, but it's a whole lot of fried food and most of the breadings, whether it's fried pickles or okra or calamari or shrimp, are the same across all of that. The batter is fine, but it gets wearing. The coconut shrimp and hush puppies were definitely overcooked, which was kind of disappointing. Coke Zero on tap, but the mix could be better. For the price, it is also worth nothing there is a ton of food here, definitely quantity over quality. Décor is pretty cool and this is parked right along the Boise river, though it's a bit tucked away and has to be more or less sought out...probably worth hitting at least once, but there are far better local places that are more worthy of attention.
220	adjudicated	2	Worn down signs intrigue me.  I had biked passed 16th Street Seafood a ton of times, always wondering what was going on inside.  Now I know the answer, and the answer is- not much. At least in terms of decor. There is a gumball machine, 2 empty candy machines, plus a counter to order at and that's pretty much it. Also absent was the plethora of seafood over ice you would hope to see at a place specializing in seafood. There were some frozen crab cakes, breaded fish fillets, clams, and crabs- but not else. Still, I threw caution to the winds of Tasker Street and put in an order.  I didn't want to go for fried seafood, so the sandwiches and platters were out.  I got a large order of mussels in butter and garlic sauce ($9.50). Mussels are one of those things I like making at home, but it is way too hot for that right now. . My main complaint is that the order came with an unacceptable amount of closed shells - 9!   It was still a good sized order with a big piece of bread to dip in the unexpectedly spicy, broth. As the place is to-go only- they know how to wrap up messy seafood orders, nothing was spilled.  Remember when I said I didn't want anything fried, well that's not ever actually true. So I ended up sneaking in 2 fried shrimps. Not bad, but not worth $1.25 each.
221	adjudicated	2	**EDIT** 7/12 I've since been and for sure have changed my opinion. Again, as I said below, I think I caught them on a bad day. 3rd time was a charm for me. IF I get a hankering for some good greek / med food... I'll check it out.  Oh and to the reply from the vendor, no my first review wasn't a joke. My opinions still stand from my initial visit, HOWEVER since I went back i even tried Bubble Tea, for that alone... I'm a HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE fan.   Short and not sweet ... avoid this place. Maybe I just got them on a bad day... but suffice to say nothing was good. Sauce sucked, lettuce brown, long wait , expensive, and just dry and tasteless. Gyros should be savory and moist! sorry I won't be visiting again.
222	adjudicated	2	Came here with a group of girls, so we were able to order a bunch of different things to try.  I gotta say they made the best squid steak I ever had.  Flavor was amazing.    The only downside, was that the service was really slow, and everything is extremely over priced.  The food took forever to come out, and we had to wave the waitress down for drinks.  If we had gotten better service, and the prices not so high, I would have given them 4 stars.
223	adjudicated	3	So meijer is amazing and so convenient! However, the starbucks is always a hit or miss and the employees don't seem to be trained right because I've noticed every time they have to pull a sheet out to see how much it is and its never the same price.. my drink wasn't good at all this morning and when i told the lady it didn't look right she poured some of my drink out and just put more milk in it to make it taste better. Wasn't really wanting to pay $4 for a cup full of milk but she didn't seem to care so why bother even saying anything.. :/
224	adjudicated	3	We stopped here on our way through town and want sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised. The service sucked and the staff was rude but the food made up that in the end. We had some pulled pork which was more chopped then pulled, brisket tacos which were define, and pulled chicken which was moist. The sides were pretty good too but nothing to write home about. There were five of us and our bill was close to $60 and one meal was a kids meal. I  really only have two complaints: One, they didn't have ribs for lunch and two, the bathrooms were filthy.
225	adjudicated	2	Aparently this review is for Saguaro East. I didnt realize there were two separate parks. This park is fine. We planned to do some hiking, but it just looked like flat average desert you can easily see and hike in the Phoenix area. The visitor center and staff were nice.
226	adjudicated	1	Salad portions are great. I always go with the Greek. One of the few Nick's spots that serves a rustic roast beef sandwich. Highly recommend that one. Pizza isn't that bad. I'd recommend an XL if having guests over. It's probably there better pizza, surprisingly.
227	adjudicated	1	Pretty average bar/restaurant with the menu offerings you can expect from a place like this. The food was OK, and the service was excellent.
228	adjudicated	3	First time being here.  It was a nice place but empty.  Had one old man sitting in there, then us two 40 somethings, then another old man.  That was it.   We came during happy hour, basically waiting for Snake and Jakes to open up so we came here to kill some time.    Beer selection was nice, Magic Hat, Fat Tire, Blue Moon, etc.  Prices were ok too.  Lotsa dark woods and a few TVs and a lonely but attractive bartender that was very nice.    Nothing bad to say about this place other than it was kinda dead.  It was very clean looking and nicely decorated, just kinda boring.
229	adjudicated	3	A really cute new coffee shop in town. We stopped here in the morning to get a much needed caffeine break. Who's warm day so we opted to get an iced coffee. We had many options on the type of milk and sweetener is available. They had limited food items available being mostly donuts this morning. We opted for a piece of the vegan banana bread to share. Iced coffee came out quickly and are banana bread and we went outside to sit with and realize there is no area connected to this restaurant for outdoor seating. The restaurant next-door however was not yet open so we sat at one of their tables thinking no one would mind. It would be nice if the coffee house itself had its own outdoor seating. Are iced coffee was very good and hit the spot. The vegan banana bread was good but seemed very dense to me. I'll be back another time to try some more of the fancy coffee they have available here. I'm hoping that they will add to the food menu as well as a try to not eat donuts most days. Maybe a breakfast sandwich or some other option than a pastry would be good.
230	adjudicated	2	It's a college-town bar, what do you expect? Lol. Alcohol, pub/bar food, good tap selection, good atmosphere and specials. A Villanova tradition. It's not an upscale bar, or a great place to grab lunch. It is what it is, a bar!
231	adjudicated	3	Cozy and family friendly restaurant. I came here for a private engagement party, where the bride and groom to be had arranged for special menus and baked all of their desserts. There were a few booth tables reserved for presents, wine, and desserts. No room for side tables like in an actual special events space.  The wait staff was nice. From the limited menu, I picked the Penne Fellini, which has prosciutto di parma, peas, onions, and light cream sauce. The whole dish was literally this pasta swimming in sauce. It may have had a light cream flavor, but it was ladled heavily onto the pasta. I didn't have a desire to consume an entire meal of this, so I ended up not finishing.  It was a fun celebration, and we were really there for the friends and family, not the food. Oh, and we also had the bruschetta and salad, neither of which was very memorable. I wouldn't be thrilled to come back here, but I think it's awesome that they turned the whole restaurant into a venue for such a special occasion!
232	adjudicated	1	The food here is tasty - love the brisket and the cheese grits. BUT - we have had terrible luck with take out. Tried it three times, and an item was missing every time. A disappointing blemish on an otherwise fine restaurant.
233	adjudicated	4	I have mix feelings about this place. First, I didn't make a reservation and we waited about 50 minutes to be seated when they told us it will be about 15 to 20 min wait. I probably should'v left and tried the next time since I was not happy when I was seated due to the waiting.  I knew I couldn't eat the full-course meal so we decided to get cheese fondue and one of their entrees. Cheese fondue was delicious. If I go next time, I would probably just get the cheese fondue. =]  And the entree we had.. was some chicken, meat, shrimp, mushrooms, etc. We decided to go with oil instead of broth because that's what our waitress suggested and I didn't really like it. I think I will try the broth next time if I do and see if I like it any better. Except the mushroom with stuffing, others were ok.  We had this private booth which was very romantic and nice. I think this place would be good for people who want privacy and have plenty of time for dinner. We stayed there for 2&1/2 hours excluding the waiting time.
234	adjudicated	2	The family and I ate here on Labor Day, 2015.  We wanted to go to another restaurant, but it was closed, so we stopped at Casa Garcia.  The inside of the restaurant is very pleasant.  The fountain is a nice touch.  The chips, salsa and bean dip were very good.  We greatly enjoyed them.  We also all agreed that the tortilla soup was excellent.  It was when the entrees arrived that things went down hill.  The sour cream and guacamole were fresh, but the entrees were just average at best.  The quesadillas had too much cheese and not much else flavor.    The meal was not bad, but there are better options close by.
235	adjudicated	3	I've only been here to pick up an outpatient, my father.  I was greeted warmly, right away, and though he has a difficult last name, the receptionist had no problem finding him.  She even told me that he was a great patient- funny and cheerful.  She told me to have a seat and that he'd be out soon.  He was out in approximately 5 minutes happy and mostly pain-free from the injection he received.  I wouldn't be able to give this facility a full review, but they treated me well while I waited.
236	adjudicated	1	Place is okay. They were the only restaurant that was able to accommodate a large party on such short notice. I ordered the black spaghetti that other patrons raved about. It was pretty disgusting. I'm not sure why he had some a weird texture and almost tasted like plastic. I've tried many different types of spaghetti and this by far was the worst plate I've tried. My co-workers said their food was okay though. Maybe it was just what I ordered that sucked. If I'm ever in Nashville again, I'd give them another go. The drinks were on point as expected.
237	adjudicated	0	Do you have an MBA from Strayer university? Do you use Creatine on a regular basis? Do you heart J Crew?   If you answered yes to at least two of these questions, then let your douche flag fly!!!!!
238	adjudicated	2	Love the food- wait staff is attentive to allergies and very accommodating. The drink pours are paltry at best. The bourbon tasted watered down...disappointing aspect to the dining experience.
239	adjudicated	2	I like to make a stop at this Walmart since it's located in Meadowlark where my doctor's office is.  It's smaller than  the supercentre but I find it has a decent selection of items in the food section where the prices are cheaper than the nearby stores.  The produce section can have limited items though with just the basics in stock.  I find the snacks and canned food section are fine with good prices.  As for the rest of the store and items, well it's hit or miss.  I was looking for lightbulbs and they only had one brand of the type I was looking for and it was a energy efficient so pricier than others if they had in stock.  However, the price I paid for the item was probably cheaper than other stores.    Don't expect much help if you need help finding an item.  Associates seem to be difficult to find unless you count some of the younger staff who like racing shopping carts in the store as they were on my last visit.    The check outs can have at most 5 cashiers working but I find the time in the line ups is never too long so that's good.
240	adjudicated	3	Nice atmosphere & good drinks. Kind of hard to find since its sort of hidden. They have a cool fire pit to sit around and enjoy your night.
241	adjudicated	2	Great late night spot for dancing! There isn't much to the place - pretty divey but great drinks and great live entertainment. Ladies keep an eye on your bags here - my friends phone, id, credit & debit cards were stolen here. The bathrooms weren't to gross here compared to some of the other places...And be aware of the shot girls that come around and push shots in your mouth and then you have to pay for them!! We didn't even ask for them!!!! Then they demanded $72 from us. We were there for like 3 minutes when that happened. ha. Then kept coming over to us like we were suckers. Fool us once, shame on us....fool us twice.....
242	adjudicated	2	The experience is fun and girly, but the food doesn't back it up.  Go for dessert or a cocktail, don't get a full meal. I don't think it's worth it.
243	adjudicated	2	Service great, upstairs bar great, pool area nice. Bed mediocre, pillows mediocre, no on demand or movie rentals available, only one elevator working so lots of waiting. Super close to beach, and nice views.
244	adjudicated	2	This downtown Philly donut joint was decent -- but far from spectacular.  Tried a few different donuts and they were merely cake donuts with different toppings.  Too much of a cake donut taste (which I don't particularly care for).  I can't possibly rate this spot any higher than 3 stars when the greatest donuts on the planet  (Beiler's Donuts) are merely a few blocks away in the Reading Terminal Market.
245	adjudicated	3	In Montecito everything is so Montecito. This establishment is nice, and the food is fine. It is of course expensive but the menu is probably more flavorful than the actual food.   We had the burger which was good if a little on the greasy side and a chicken sandwich affair which was drenched in pesto and just fine. We were not so thrilled about our food that we will be rushing back there.  There were plenty of other options on the menu for dinner and I don't know whether these are better, but the bistro fare was not much better than reasonable.  The server was good, friendly and open to questions about this or that. We sat on the small outdoor patio made special by a grand sunset.   The dining room inside is stony and on the cold side. There is however some great art hung throughout.   I'm not disappointed, nor do I have a complaint about portion size or menu variety. It was just ok. I probably expected a little more walking in than what is really there.
246	adjudicated	2	Very very busy when I was there...stopped in for one and left good bartender once I got his attention .... only one bartender on a Sunday in 30th Street Station ???? REALLY????? I'm not slamming the bartender just who ever scheduled one bartender on a Sunday (or the bartender that called out sick)
247	adjudicated	2	Johnny Rockets is on the pricey side, you aren't getting outta here with a burger and fries for any less than 10 bucks (and that's without a drink). The burgers are 6-7 bucks and definitely solid for the price though. I had the Route 66, 1/3 pound, nice soft potato roll, meat good and lean, pretty damn tasty and satisfying. Wish I could say the same about the fries/rings (I tried the mix) but they're the standard freezer bag affair, and the fries are actually sub-par (dry and not much flavor, worse than most fast food fries). The onion rings were better, but of course they cost almost twice as much.  I'll be back to try more burgers but would suggest just sticking to the burger or cheesesteak with no sides (maybe grab a shake for dessert instead ... the basic hot dog at $3 also costs about the same as an order of fries).
248	adjudicated	1	Cool laid back atmosphere, nice draft selection. A little inconsistent on the mixed drinks though.  Ordered a Ketel 1 and cranberry, it was ok. Just your average drink. Ordered another, got a full glass of ketel 1 with a splash of cran, it  was OK .  I prefer consistency over being under served or given alcohol poisoning any day.   I will be back, I am sure the newness kinks will be worked out soon!
249	adjudicated	2	The food was amazing but i never got everything in my order. I ordered the cheesesteak lunch special and it was suppose to come with a drink but i never received it. Cheesesteak was amazing and was cooked to perfection. The meatball parm is to die for. No other comments on the meatballs. The milkshakes i ordered they only brought me one when i ordered two but i still never got the other one. I would order from here again but afraid of not getting everything i paid for.
250	adjudicated	4	Ok. I have had Persian food before as it is one of my favorite. So I was little disappointed with the food.  I had Chicken Koobideh. I had little chicken in it's taste and a lot of eggish taste. Koobideh is more like Keema chicken from my experience, with nice mix of onions, chilly, and seasoning.  So, on part of taste I rate it.  Apart that, uber interior, good service upper class experience.  Food portion is generous and good enough for 2 for one order.  Over all ok ok. I would liked if they had served hummus and pita bread in their welcome. Also server salad as their sides. Middle eastern food is said to have perfect-balance of carbs, protein and fiber but it was found missing to call it a Middle Eastern fine dinner.
251	adjudicated	2	Ok beer. Ok food. We like breweries because we have a kid and like beer. So we go to a lot of breweries. The service was excellent. Food, beer, good
252	adjudicated	1	The hubby and I started off with the supreme nacho and they were pretty yummy! Make sure to add the spicy beef! The husband ordered a 10" pizza with sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and ham and I ordered the burger with cheese, mayo, provolone cheese, and BBQ sauce. My husband gave the pizza a 7 out of 10 and my burger was just above average. It satisfied my burger craving so that's a plus!
253	adjudicated	3	Food is awesome. I'm a vegan and love their menu options and details on vegan and vegetarian options. I gave them 3 stars because of their outrageously slow service. The owner walks around in the way not able to even answer the phone to take orders. I told the waitress he just needs to stay home observing him look totally oblivious to EVERYTHING. Servers are all nice and food is great. Come here only if you are patient.
254	adjudicated	2	Chicken was awesome! Loved the char and the garlic marinade. I can't say the same for the rest of the meal! Rice was cold but flavorful and probably would have tasted better if it was warm and dryer. The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful. I'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel. This was not even acceptable in my standards for America! Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken. Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at. Too much hype for just the experience.  PS: if you want real falafel and epic hummus, walk down the street to Mama's.
255	adjudicated	3	Full disclosure: I have no experience with their food (other than the free chips which, meh). The special place Cactus holds in my heart is for one thing: Margarita Mondays.  I walked in to Cactus this Monday with a friend from work, and the bartender had a pitcher of 'ritas going before we even sat down. Point to Cactus: The staff is on top of stuff for their regular customers.  The service can be a little slow at times, but once we get a table full of margarita pitchers life is beautiful. The 'ritas themselves aren't the most consistent (this week's were a little heavy on the juice) but for $10 I'm not complaining. And, to reply to one of the posts, they definitely don't skimp on the tequila. In fact, the bartender measures out the liquor for ever pitcher. Margaritas are pretty sweet so you can't taste it too much, and I'm sure it isn't quite as much as you'd get in a non-special, but believe me it's there.  My most serious gripe, actually, is the music. Don't know who puts the mixes on, but I protest. They actually played 'Closing Time' the other night - at 10:00, when people were still coming in. Way to send the wrong message.  It's not the best place around by any stretch, but if you ever need to unwind after a long Monday, you'll find me at Cactus.
256	adjudicated	2	Love this store especially with the nice selections they have. However, my review is for the shoe section. I went in to try on different flats and i'm normally a 7-7.5 in women's but i have wide feet so i had to keep asking the sales associate for different sizes and she was really rude and gave me attitude. I was not pleased with her attitude and ended up walking out of the store. Maybe she was having a bad day or maybe that's her personality but i sure did not feel welcomed by her.
257	adjudicated	2	Neighborhood bar, with lots of seating. They have patio seating in the summer. Can't complain about anything here; cold beer and quick service.. what more could you want?
258	adjudicated	1	I really wanted to like Milk and Honey, but we had a pretty average meal here. My streak was over cooked, and tough to chew. Other meals were nothing to write home about. They were also out of some of the whiskey's on the menu and dessert items.  In a city with so many great options, won't be back.
259	adjudicated	4	I have now tried this salon three times.  The first visit was on Mother's day.  Even though it was pretty crowded they moved through the waist list quickly.  I was a little surprised to be offered a drink, but quickly noticed that this must be a big selling point for them as most women were sipping on adult beverages.  I declined refreshments and was promptly handed info on more expensive options for my pedi.  Unlike other places in other states I had gone they did not do the massage of my calves with lotion or use the hot towel on my legs.  As soon as you go to the dry station they hound you for immidate payment.  The last time I went was the last straw.  They are already $5 more than the other salons for a basic pedi, but apparently I chose a color of polish that costs $5 more than the others making my 20 minute pedi $30 before tip.  The polish was not smooth started chipping in 2 days.  I will not return.
260	adjudicated	2	this place is solid.  the fleur de liis omelette makes my day.  I can also get a mocha, and kick back.  I recently took a friend here, and she thought it was slow, but hell..... she's not from the big easy... slow down is the key to enjoying life.  huge portions, and brightly lit, fast paced, slow moving, but good solid breakfast.
261	adjudicated	2	Servers were attentive but pizza took over 30 minutes, and that seemed to be the average for any order. Volcano Buffalo Pizza was pretty tasty. Celery on a pizza, who knew?!?!
262	adjudicated	2	I know I know, silly as it seems, I have not had the pizza here!  but I did get a tortilla soup and 1/2 a Mediterranean salad.  The soup was really yummy with a sprinkle of cilantro and avocado on top.    the salad was more "eh", I think the dressing that comes with it is too salty.    But I am looking to go back for the pizza!  Hopefully they can make a cheese-less one!
263		3	This is a pretty fun indie American food place. We tried a bunch of their wings. Some were very good and others were interesting. My lips are still chapped from the four alarm wings, the PBJ wings were interesting to try, and I liked the signature Scooter wings named for the place's gator mascot. Boon hangs out here all the time you will probably run into him if you stop by. Otherwise it's pretty fun.
264		2	It's a crazy place with surprisingly good service, decent food, and the weirdo clientele you would expect in this area. I'm really enjoying this little family reunion with the deadbeat drunk father Oj and the crazy white guy in the corner and his random outbursts.
265	adjudicated	2	Didn't care for this place. We shared the big easy breakfast and it was okay. The food was barely warm, and the whole meal was eh except for the pancakes. The pancakes were good, would've tasted better if they were warmer.  The hot chocolate was good, thick chocolate, and it came in a to-go cup which was convenient. The service was also good. We arrived on a Friday morning around 8:15 am and there was no wait, but it was starting to fill up. By the time we left there were a few people waiting outside.
266	adjudicated	2	In Brentwood for work this week and I came here based on the previews. The food is good but that's all, good. Nor great... mediocre beef burrito bowl. Place and process similar to a Chipotle but my vote would go to Chipotle.
267	adjudicated	2	Malaysian cuisine isn't something I'm very experienced in.  Nice, clean atmosphere with good service and what's here isn't bad at all.  A little too strongly salted for my tastes, but perhaps that's just the way it is?  Way too much sodium for me, but perhaps I can ask them to go light on the salt next time.  The oyster omelet was a little too greasy as well.  Extensive menu and vegetarian friendly.  Everyone can probably find something they like here.
268	adjudicated	3	If you're in the Warehouse District anyway (perhaps you're on your way to Cochon, which would be wise of you), not a bad spot to visit. If you're in the mood for an expensive novelty cocktail, which will undoubtedly be strong, bright, and maybe include a prop such as a plastic shark, holy moly are you in the right place.
269	adjudicated	3	Super sweetheart of a lady working there (along with the rest of them old gals) that even had the back take the time to remove fruits from the fruit medley that i didnt like. Had a quick to go order that hit the spot. Not my cup of tea design-wise, but i'm sure it handles what it handles. Very at-home feel.
270	adjudicated	1	Decent beer selection... that's all I was looking for.  Other than that I try to avoid Mobil's.  QT is more my style.
271	adjudicated	2	Let's talk about first impressions. Made a reservation for 9:00PM, didn't get seated until almost 9:30. But at least we worked up an appetite, right?  Ordered the Lobster Risotto w/ shrimp and lobster. There was about 3 pieces of lobster total in the dish, but the taste was well rounded and creamy. It was filling, adequately satisfying and nothing special.  What saved this from being a 2-star review was the fact that I tried my friend's Straw and Hay, which was stellar. The toasted ravioli is also one-of-a-kind: not a cheese bomb like other places and extremely balanced in taste. They weren't stingy with the filling, either. I'd probably have to come back and try other dishes, but all in all, I was salty about the waiting time.
272	adjudicated	3	Definitely gone downhill. It's still an ok buffet, but nothing special. I used to love the Mongolian grill, where they would cook to order. You would select chicken/beef/pork with various vegetables, sauces, and it would come out hot. It was healthy, fresh,and delicious.   They no longer have the Mongolian grill at the buffet. None of the Reno buffets come close to the ones in Las Vegas, but for the $, this one is still ok. Just not worth going out of your way for anymore.   If they bring back the grill, my rating wlll increase to 4 starts for sure.
273	adjudicated	2	I think Dawn Patrol could become 4 stars but not just yet for me. I like the idea of make your own hash but the components need work. The corned beef was soggy when it should have been crispy. The over easy eggs were closer to medium. The potatoes, spinach and mushrooms were fine as was the cheddar. The accompanying salad was not as fresh as it could have been. Lastly for $13 in a casual order at the counter place, the portions were small.  The space itself is wonderful with a number of seating options indoors and out. Everything is neat and attractive and well laid out.   Service is pleasant and competent.  Parking across the street in city lot.
274	adjudicated	2	The beer is great and so is the atmosphere. The service leaves something to be desired. My husband ordered a beer and got it. He ordered a 2nd and did not ever get it from the server. It was a big group of people but still. At the end of the night the server is settling up and says you had 2 right, and he said he never received the 2nd. She said something about being out the money so he said fine just charge me. When she came back with the bill he signed and then realized she had actually charged him for 4 beers. He was trying to be nice so she wouldn't be in trouble and it backfired.
275	adjudicated	2	Although the chicken is always very good, there was a "sulky" male employee on Sunday, Jan 1 with a puss-face putting my package together 16 pc grilled chicken meal.  Out in the open he was complaining about work.  Honestly, if he doesn't like working there or the pay, the manager should allow him to make a decision, change his attitude or leave.  This doesn't leave customers with a positive feeling about the place, especially when he didn't load all that was supposed to be in my order.  Where's the rolls/biscuits?  Pay attention, it doesn't cost anything.
276	adjudicated	2	Starbucks...so aren't they all just clones?  a review would be futile if you've already visited one before.  Coffee is ...OK.  It's more like coffee flavored water to me, but does the trick when called upon.  I much prefer some home brewed New Orleans style coffee & chicory.  Chicory makes the coffee... Starbuckathons have no clue what real coffee is like.
277	adjudicated	2	Their pizza was ok, I think they need to cook the pizzas alittle more and have more tastier cheese. They do have a large delivery area in southern Tampa, as well as Ybor.
278	adjudicated	2	Great atmosphere, above average burgers, but super cool drink selection - both alcoholic and non alcoholic.  They have pretty much every kind of soda style you can think of and some really tasty "spiked" shakes.  Definitely a fun place to be at no matter what you're feeling.
279	adjudicated	3	Visited last night with a group of six. Ambiance and service was excellent, they've done a great job with the space. The salsa and table side guacamole are very good. However the three stars are attributed to less than spectacular entrees that are slightly over priced (for Mexican food) and everyone in our group had drinks that were all consistently weak (i.e. tasted like less than an ounce of alcohol). I would give 3.5 stars if possible, but I see this as a second or third option in the Tampa area for Mexican cuisine.
280	adjudicated	2	This place is a bit OTT (over the top) with some of their decor stuff, but maybe this is what life in a Carmel mansion in is all about. There are some fun items, but mostly really large, for some MTV Cribs show space. I liked a few of the chandeliers--it sorta feels like they are copying Restoration Hardware and a couple other places--can't quite put my finger on it. They have big animal statues, bed stuff, shelves, tables, some cool lights, and just lots of really odd exaggerated-size things. It's worth a wander around, but I'm not the target market.
281	adjudicated	3	I have a few issues with this place regarding the quality of food for the high price. I would/should be giving it 2 stars based on the food alone, however, the service was so good to warrant a full star on that alone- & I evaluate a place based not only on the food but on the entire experience. So, the food: if you have it on the menu, you better have it in the kitchen. They were missing a few things which was very disapponting. We shared the scallops which were the best part of the meal- but for $3.33/scallop it better be good. I settled for the salman which was nothing special (salmon is usually a fail safe for me, I always get it if nothing else jumps out at me on the menu- so I've had a lot of salmon throughtout my life.) It was accompanied by heavily peppered carrots & green beans and a "root puree" which was just a fancy way of saying mashed potatoes.... which was a tease because I was expecting sweet potato, parsnips or SOMETHING better than a root vegetable I am already fully aware of. Drinks were decent: my bf had a bourbon/cherry martini & I had my favorite- a dry, dirty grey goose martini. Hard to mess those up , though. Desserts were a puffed pastry that lacked any real flavor & a coconut creme brulee that was actually quite good- but just like a baked potato- is pretty hard to mess up. Like I said before- the one waitress that was manning the entire floor & bar did an exceptional job. She was friendly, thorough & attentive- she deserves a shout out.
282	adjudicated	3	This hotel is beautiful on the inside, but not worth the price. I checked in only to have a dirty room. The sheets had something that looked like blood on them and the bathroom floor was extremely dirty. Not to mention there was left over trash on the desk. But I called the front desk and they gave me a different room and free breakfast which was good. Although the second room was clean, we had marijuana smoke seeping into our room from the vents. If I wanted to smell marijuana I would've checked into a motel. Therefore, for the amount I paid for the room, I expected the room to be emaculate and the environment to be a little more family friendly.
283	adjudicated	4	This place was ok. The parking is free which is honestly unheard of in this area so that was good. Couple things that weren't good were that I reserved a concierge level room and when I got there was told there weren't any available but I got concierge access with a normal room. Interesting though as several folks checked in after me and got rooms on that level. I did check out the concierge lounge and it was TINY, i mean like closet sized so not sure it's worth it to pay more for that anyway. Also my keys didn't work to come from parking the car to the hotel so I had to walk down 3 ramps to go to the main entrance... when i told the front desk she was like ok and that was it. Wifi was good but I'll definitely stick with Marriott.
284	adjudicated	2	The location is cute and they were super quick with having my food ready. I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich and it tasted like a french bread pizza, so that's not great. They really missed the mark with that one. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat Cafe Roma, is what I'm saying.
285	adjudicated	1	I went here based off of reviews... the place was not bad- but I went in expecting more. I think a 3 star review is appropriate based off of the meal I had... which was a skillet so potatoes, sausage , eggs, tomatoes, cheese with a muffin and a side of grits...pretty simple--  so maybe the other reviews were based off of specialties...
286	adjudicated	3	If I were writing this based on my dinner experience, it'd be 4 stars, but we went back for brunch the next day.  Dinner: GREAT happy hour, we had 3 dozen oysters. The place was clean, efficient, and really good. Shawn (female) was on the ball! Pros: Happy hour drink prices. Oysters were divine (I had the P&J) Cons: I ordered the express, which was rabbit sausage with mustard sauce and noodles...mediocre at best.  Breakfast: Service was slow as Hell compared to the night. Everyone around us was getting agitated Pros: Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it. Cons: Menu was tiny, a mimosa special would help this place out.
287	adjudicated	2	This place was good food, overpriced for the type of service you get and it was hot inside the restaurant
288	adjudicated	1	Caln pizza is better, this joints ok for pizza I do wonder if they make up for there mediocracy with hogies. Great selection of beer to-go.
289	adjudicated	1	Looking at all good reviews i ordered baja fish taco.. Was bland but liked the shrimp tacos :)
290	adjudicated	1	The tour is nice however the guide did not talk much. When he did, it was not loud enough. The price for this tour is just too much.
291	adjudicated	2	Good place to go for random books. However, every single book I wanted was new and full price even though they looked used. I am all for used books BUT at a used price!   The past three visits however, I failed to find any of the books on my list. The staff was very helpful.
292	adjudicated	2	I love this place!!! Great selection of beer on tap that always changes and perfect pub food. It's my go-to for Sunday nite dinner or Sat. lunch.
293	adjudicated	2	We were visiting Nashville for business and everyone raved about this place so we had to try it. This is an average BBQ joint. The service and food were good but nothing like the hype.
294	adjudicated	3	It was good, not great. Good location. Receptionist was very helpful but the hotel didn't have a toothbrush in stock.
295	adjudicated	2	Booked a 1 King Bed Executive on the 24th floor and the view of the city from that high above was amazing. However, I had a couple of problems with the professionalism of the staff which is why I rated three stars instead of five. I can't help but make this personal and say that I wasn't treated with equal warmness and courtesy because of my appearance. Coming from a red eye flight, I arrived at the hotel with sweatpants and frazzled hair. I do have tattoos and I'm in my early twenties so I felt like the staff regarded me as not as significant as the other guests. I had a couple of rude stares initially and when I visited the executive lounge (which requires a key) for some breakfast I received an almost, "Who let you in?" look from the woman serving breakfast. With that said, the room service operator seemed quite irritated whenever she took my orders but the actual room service deliverers were quite friendly, so I made sure to tip them well. Food and beverage could do some work, it's the not the worst but definitely not the best, especially for the price. I had free wi-fi with my stay, so that was very nice and convenient. Overall, I would stay again at the DoubleTree in Center City just because my stay wasn't awful but the staff definitely needs to brush up on their services techniques and courtesies. Just because someone is young and underdressed and has tattoos does not make them less worthy of respect. My money is as good as anyone else's.
296	adjudicated	2	Good downtown breakfast stop. Great service, food wasn't exactly perfect, but I tend to be hard to please in these regards. I hear lunch is really good also.
297	adjudicated	4	Saw all the negative reviews and was a bit worried.  Place is still fairly new and working through some growing pains.  Staff is still learning and I think they are cycling through a bunch of kids in training.    Pizza was ok but kind of high priced for what I got.   They had a slice and beer special so I didn't have to get a whole pie.  I had a slice of meat lovers and pepperoni.  I think their sauce overpowers the taste of the toppings and cheese - could barely taste the pepperoni.  Light sauce would be my recommendation to others.  Wait on food is definitely an issue here and I don't think he servers do a very good job of preparing the customers.  Brought up concerns to manager but he didn't seem too worried.    I need a local option for Chicago style pizza but not sure yet this place will be it.
298	adjudicated	1	Ok this is an aberration from my city foodie reviews but I figured I'll take the time and review some of the local establishments that I order from on a consistent base while working in Bensalem, P.A.  Without further adieu... George's Chix is good.  I'm always satisfied with the food and value each and every time.  I haven't branched out seeking much more than a good deal each time and trust me I'm not looking to find the healthiest option on the menu (usually I get the nugget/fries/soda deal, the chix fingers/fries/soda deal, or Ceasar wrap/fries/soda deal- $8 or $9 after a nice tip) but the food is alright. Give George's a try if you're in town and looking to get down on some fried grub!
299	adjudicated	3	The food was good, not great, the atmosphere was fun and lvively. Drinks were large and wine list was pleasing.
300	adjudicated	3	This is a great place to visit if you enjoy large crowds and overspending.  They have plenty of delicious deli and bakery items available but you generally can't see either case over crowds while you wait, and if you don't know your order immediately when your numbers called you are S.O.L! They will very quickly call the next person in line so my advice would be to arrive the second they open so that you actually stand a chance of seeing the cases.  It's a great place for extroverts, but it's very small and very very full of people, so if you're the type of person who is not into that sort of thing, I would probably try to go in the most non-peak hours you can.
301	adjudicated	3	Hickory Hollow really isn't that bad. If you don't count that shooting earlier this year that is. I'm being serious here. I really don't think the area is all that bad, so I don't know if it is just fear that keeps people from frequenting here or what. It could soon be because of lack of stores, several have closed shop within the last year.   They have I'd say a 50/50 split in stores like New York & Company to get work clothes and urban stores. As far as I know right now, they still have a Victoria's Secret and Waldenbooks, what more could a dorky girl want in a mall right? Because of the low attendance you'll have no problem finding sales. It's really sad to think this place may be heading in the direction of other malls in the city.
302	adjudicated	3	Chris was our server and he was great. He seemed like the easy going kind of guy you'd want to hang out with. He gave us great recommendations and checked on us frequently.   The food was great. I had the Piggy Mac. Pulled pork topped with rich gouda mac and cheese sprinkled with panko and baked to a crispy brown. I ended up spooning the mac to the side so I could add Puckett's own sweet, yet spicy BBQ sauce to the tender, juicy pork.  My son (he's eight but eats like a teen) ordered the meat plus two veggies kids plate. He said the green beans were the best he's had and loved the pulled pork without and sauce.   We ate early so we missed the music (get there around 8pm) but the place has great lighting and atmosphere no matter the occasion.   Also, park in the back behind Frothy Monkey. It's free and has more space than on the street.
303	adjudicated	3	I really hate having to give Lucky Belly a 3 star, but when it comes down to a restaurant review, it's all about the FOOD.  I had my 30th birthday party here.  We had a living social deal for 2F upstairs.  I loved the privacy and karaoke! We had such a blast in our own private area. I loved the patio and string lights, where we had dinner.  Our host was amazing as well, but the food not so much.  I have never not finished a burger.  This was a first for me.  I ordered the jalapeno burger, and it was just smothered in sauce, overpowering everything.  We ordered all of the appetizers to share with our guests, and the tuna devlied eggs was the best thing I ate.  The korean wings were way too sweet and the hot chicken springs rolls was just not good, at all.  I can't say I will go back because I was so disappointed in the food. But I may go back to sing a song or two.
304	adjudicated	4	We went on a friday evening around 5:30 and were seated outside on the covered patio right away. We ordered 2 apps and a flight. The chorizo nachos were huge and decent but the trout dip with pita bread chips is what stood out! The dip came out with 6 pieces of bread placed in a circle around the dip. I asked how much it would cost to get an order of more pita bread and guess what... it was free! score!  Since both items were appetizers they came out in a matter of 5 minutes. All around it was a wonderful experience with good weather, great service, good food and a flight with information about each beer!
305	adjudicated	2	Ordered their chicken fajita and fish chips.  Chicken was really good, fish and chips not so much. Portions sizes were too little, for the price I would expect a little more. Drinks were alright.
306	adjudicated	1	All the food is pretty lack luster. Carne asada fries are less than lack-luster. The tacos are tiny, which would be fine if they didn't cost so much.
307	adjudicated	2	Three stars is pretty much on the money. I don't understand a Margaritaville in Nashville but I also am probably not the actual target demographic of these places...see: my dad who sometimes makes me think he can't find anything else on his XM radio other than Margaritaville.   So we've of course been to the one in the Caymans and on Key West. Since clearly these are out of the way places, I didn't get in the way of my parents having their experience here.   I was kind of hoping to avoid listening to music...or at least if I was going to have to listen to covers, NOT "Call Me Maybe" gone country. It's somewhat loud in here and I imagine as the night goes on it's louder. We were here prior to a hockey game but it was still pretty busy.   Since I procured my family a free app coupon I decided I was worthy of the 5 o'clock somewhere which is a take on a Hurricane, which somehow in five years of legal drinking I have never had before. It wasn't bad. I imagine it's one of those things where you're like "oh this barely tastes like alcohol, I'll have another" and then suddenly you're hitting on someone you shouldn't be hitting on. Wait what.  For that free app, we had the spinach artichoke dip. It wasn't bad, I certainly wouldn't have let anyone pay full price for it though.   I wasn't feeling like having a full on sandwich or anything but there aren't really any smaller sized options. I guess a cup of soup but I had had soup for lunch and it was like obscenely hot for December so that was out of the question. I decided to just get the chicken quesadilla app and if I didn't finish it then whatever. The rest of my family had burgers or a chicken sandwich. The burgers were liked all around, although my brother got the diablo one and complained that it wasn't spicy enough. But I don't think he understands that poblanos aren't that hot.  The quesadilla wasn't bad, there were some spots though where the chicken was a bit tough. Nothing you can't fix with a good bit of salsa though.   Even though like I said it was pretty busy, we were there only about an hour. Service was great. Would I come back on my own? Probably not. In my case it's really one of those places where once is enough for the experience but if I were asked to come again, I wouldn't say no.
308	adjudicated	3	If you're a fan of sweets, this spot is worth visiting.  They're well-known for their pralines, but there are plenty of other desserts to choose from here.  They even have guys in the front (or back?) of the store making pralines that you can watch.
309	adjudicated	3	Two years ago Florida Georgia Line came to town right around my birthday. Radio, TV and all over social media, all I saw was the concert. I figured it was impossible to not know about it, and I also figured my wife would be taking us to see the show for my birthday surprise. Sadly, I was wrong, and the show came and went, leaving me waiting for another opportunity to catch these guys live.  Finally, that day came, and I took matters into my own hands this time! I scored a pre-sale code and bought two great seats, only to find out my wife would be out of town the night of the show. Lucky for me I had a great friend decide to join me for the show, and what a show it was!   In addition to the sweet sounds of Cadillac 3 and Cole Swindell, who played all the hits, Florida Georgia Line brought the energy, the stage game, and every one of the songs you wanted to hear. But the best part had to be the two incredible surprises! In the second half of the show they walked down a catwalk to a second stage at the rear of the auditorium and played a set with Cole Swindell and Cadillac 3, including some homages to their country mentors, like "Back At Mama's" by Tim McGraw! This was trumped only by the encore, when they talked about the songs they identified with as kids and then performed them! Songs like Montell Jordan's "This is how we do it", Backstreet Boys "Everybody", Alan Jackson's "Should Been A Cowboy" and Papa Roach "Last Resort", and then they closed it all up with "Cruise".  3 Stars because of the insanely long wait for a bar. I think that's a shame. It's an event center. They should know how to do this by now.   Otherwise the place is great. Solid sound, comfortable seats and clean.
310	adjudicated	3	The food was pretty good, although our appetizer came out about 1 minute before our food did, which was a little frustrating. The guacamole was very good, however my chicken tacos could have been better.   Service was okay, not bad, but definitely not great. It seems like the whole staff is very young and may not have as much restaurant experience. However, the GM was very attentive and definitely treated all the guests with respect.
311	adjudicated	2	Wawa is what it is. A convenient store that has an array of options.  The prices are reasonable. Their food is only okay though. I've had their sandwiches a few times. My biggest gripe is I do not like their tomatoes. I think they freeze them and as a result they are always a little hard. I could be wrong about the reason, but they are hard none-the-less.  They also have a few pre-made hot items. The hot dogs are okay. But it's hard to mess up a hot dog. They hot breakfast sandwiches and snack items are below average. Cheap and quick but so not worth it.  Go hear for a candy bar, drink, or other package snack item. Don't go here for anything that's actually prepared by them. It's just not that good.
312	adjudicated	2	I really liked the place however they need a bus boy at the pool people left their dirty plates and no one came to pick them up there were dirty dishes everywhere when we got to the pool it was gross!
313	adjudicated	3	I came here with my husband and some friends to grab some drinks and hang out. Upon walking in, we were greeted kindly by a man, who we never saw again. We sat and waited, checking out their menu. The waitress/bartender came up and asked if we were ready to order, but since part of our party was missing, we asked if we could have a few minutes. Well, I guess a few minutes means twenty because our waitress sat at a table conversing with a couple instead of coming back to assist us. The whole place was rather dead, probably since it was the day before Thanksgiving. Finally, she came over to take our orders. She was helpful in telling us what to avoid on the menu. We got margaritas all around. I had a mango margarita (I tried it both on the rocks and blended) and it was absolutely delicious! I would return just for their fabulous Mango margarita. I heard both their strawberry and traditional margaritas were just as good as well! (Just a tip, avoid the banana margarita!) It took our waitress forever to check on us again and we ended up going up to the bar anytime we needed something. We didn't even think about ordering food, considering the service we were receiving wasn't ideal. The drinks were good and our waitress was polite, just not very attentive. I still enjoyed my experience here and would consider coming back! Infact, I see another mango margarita in my future.
314	adjudicated	3	Good beer. Much better than most beer made in STL. Sweet. If you love sweet.   Ambiance is sterile. No vibe. Looks like an office building. destination spot.
315	adjudicated	3	I was looking for a restaurant in the city that offered a good steak at a reasonable cost.  I've been to the Capital Grill and I enjoy their beef as well as their service and decor, I just didn't want to spend $250.00 + for the 3 of us (call me cheap).  Not really knowing what to expect at the Marmont, we took a risk.    The Good: I have to say that the NY strip steaks and rib eye were very very good and cooked perfectly (medium rare and medium).  They were about 1-1/2 thick (forgot to bring my calipers) and well trimmed; very little fat was left. I would say the meat was prime, not choice.  We all enjoyed them as well as the fries which were cooked crisply as we requested.  the sauces were meh; why cover up the wonderful taste of the beef?  Service was good, prompt, and polite.     The Not So Good: The decor is awful.  The floor looks like painted OSB with the paint half worn off, the tables are painted plywood, lighting from K-Mart, and walls have a few giant old signs hanging on them.  The place is a visual dive. I felt like I was in a Tom Waits song.  How hard would it be to make it a nice warm and inviting space? I don't get it.   Want to make more money? Spend the 5K, it will pay off. But please find someone who knows what they are doing.  You serve delicious steaks; I'll bet your decorator doesn't do the cooking, so why ask the cook to decorate?  If you want great steaks for a good price, go here.  But if you are looking for a classy or trendy setting too, you may need to pay the extra 30% at a high end steak house.
316	adjudicated	3	Comfortable room with a awesome guitar swimming pool.  Short trip to downtown. Rooms are clean and staff are friendly.
317	adjudicated	2	My group came on a rainy night so maybe we missed what all the fuss is about. Felt like there were too many rules- no moving bar stools onto the patio - you order first but then find a place to sit and come back to get a number for your food. No smoking allowed outside on the patio. Really really slow service. Ambiance was only ok... music inside was so loud you couldn't talk. ‍
318	adjudicated	2	LOVE this place and have a constructive suggestion. I have to start by saying I've loved this place for several decades and will love it forever! However, on my last visit while we were eating inside the restaurant, I picked up a visitor that was not appreciated one bit--a BLACK WIDOW SPIDER on my purse. I noticed it as I was picking my purse up to leave and found I had set it on a HUGE web. As I looked closer, that web was not alone--there were many. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE get rid of these and clean regularly. I would like to eat my meals stress free! I would love to help clean this amazing place anytime.
319	adjudicated	2	Great food and drinks, albeit overpriced I had the salt of the earth cocktail and it had great flavor. The angry chicken chicken taco was good, but one wasn't very filling. We had the shiitake, lemon and cauliflower pizza as an appetizer and it had good flavor as well.
320	adjudicated	1	Tried this place because Pho 75 was closed at the time.  A nice suprise. Very clean and the menu was huge.  Im not a pho expert but it was a decent inexpensive meal.
321	adjudicated	2	The service was great and everything definitely tasted very fresh. I especially liked the guacamole!  I tried the mole and mango chicken tacos and I felt they lacked just a little bit of flavor. I'll definitely go back though and try some different varieties.
322	adjudicated	1	They got me in fast, but a little careless on scratching my brand new Shimano 105 crankset.  No apologies or offers to fix.  Just let it go.
323	adjudicated	2	Panda Express is like going to a jiffy lube - you KNOW there are much better places, and your leery about going to either but you still do because its so quick and easy!!!  Panda Express is OK and I love how they have the little stickers on the serving line swearing they use NO MSG - but you wonder why you bloat up after eating there???   Believe it not I dont have any complaints about Panda Express, I think its great, its just one of those places where if you choose to go here and its not good all you can do is slap yourself and ask yourself WHAT DID YOU REALLY EXPECT and go about your day!   One thing for sure - its is REALLY quick and thats perfect when your in a hurry!
324	adjudicated	3	You know what they say about sex or pizza; even when it's bad, it's good. 312 is not bad by any means! It just appears to be example of the growing trend of new restaurants in Nashville; price point does not match quality. This is based only on 2 experiences and is open to interpretation.  What it does do well is provide great service. The staff were friendly, accommodating & seemed genuinely interested in "serving" you well. And this goes a long way in my book.
325	adjudicated	2	J's Seafood Dock was not busy, quick to take our order, and had plenty of seating.   The jambalaya was really flavorful with just the right amount of heat, but very short on andouille and chicken. It had no shrimp in it at all.   'Real Creole Shrimp Tacos' were more like real creole lettuce tacos. Maybe we should have known because the sample did not have a lot of shrimp so we ordered at our own risk. Flavorful sauce and tasty tortillas though.
326	adjudicated	3	Based on previous experience, I chose Workshop for a meal with friends.  We reserved a table and since it was one of the last reservations of the night, the place was fairly empty.    Sadly the kitchen was slow.  We were the last table of the night and our mains took an hour to get to our table.  I ordered the pirogies (which have changed from a month or two back).  They were fairly cold, the side vegetables weren't cooked well and it was rather ho hum.  To drink I ordered a drink I had before, the Gin Gin Mule...I think they used tonic water instead of the ginger beer.  I'll try it again but this was definitely an off night.
327	adjudicated	3	I have been to this nail salon a few times over the past 3 mos. Their quality and service is slipping. This is too bad because I go here because it is so close to my work and easy for me to pop in on my way home.   It is still clean, friendly service, etc. No complaints there. But the quality of service is not as good. They are not as thorough and services have been rushed and sloppy.   One complaint is there is only one employee who does nails (other than manis) and this is a huge time suck.   Another is that my last pedi was rushed and not up to par. The woman did not trim the cuticles as well, remove dead skin, pay attention to detail, or do a thorough job. She went very fast and cut corners.  I got a full set, and a pedi. The man did the nails (which were fine/good except for some acrylic on the sides which he fixed later) and then she painted them. The polish job was sloppy. I had bare spots on the edges, lumps (old polish?) and overspill onto the sides and cuticles. She did not follow up with polish remover to clean them up - instead, as she painted, she ran her nail along the edges to remove it. Not quality.   I happen to like nail art once in a while - not every time - but sometimes I splurge. There does not seem to be anyone who does nail art well. There are many designs you can choose from on the hand models/boards but they are not recreated well. I chose one design for my big toes and it looked nothing like what I picked out. On an earlier visit, I had a picture of a design on my phone and was told point blank they couldn't do it - it was not complicated or too fancy. ??? I have witnessed other customers being disappointed in the nail art feature as well.   Overall, I think this place may be understaffed to meet demand and is struggling with consistent quality. They need another person who can do nails really well like the man does and they need to take their time/provide thorough service.
328	adjudicated	3	I have been to this location twice and the first time it was much better than last night. Simply, the beer is just ok. I love good beer but I will drink it whether I think it is amazing or awful. I got 4 of their current seasonal beers in a sampler (batch 100, winter warmer, undead black IPA and paramount). They were decent, nothing to write home about or come back the next day for. The reason they lose points from last night was because of the food, not the beer.  Got a black and blue burger. It had just too much blue cheese on the burger and the meat was just alright and they also skimped on the fries. The price is steep for their higher end food but I think their entrees are very good and will stick with those for next time.  P.S. For anyone looking to avoid big parties, babies and young kids (1-12 years old) I have always seen a big group of people who decide to bring their children with them. Kids never bother me but they are kids so they make noise and run around the restaurant. Not much you can do about it besides sitting at the bar.
329	adjudicated	3	Was invited by friends while visiting the area and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was good and while loud and crowded, we still had a great time!  Very reasonably priced for seafood and would recommend to anyone upon a visit to this part of Florida for a casual, laid back meal.  it isn't my favorite spot on the beach, but I do have a sentimental spot for it in my heart.
330	adjudicated	3	This is a struggle on this one. The interior is amazing it's 5 star cozy lodge feel with nice fireplace. So much potential but really fell short...here is The Good The Bad and The Ugly.  The Good- as mention the interior is amazing, makes you want to back and relax all night long. Fish and chips was solid.  The Bad- Soooo... I have never had to eat a burger with a knife and fork... why did I have to do that you may ask? (See pic) the bun was so dry it crumbled into dust as I held it and took a bite. It was brioche bun that was way dry and appeared to have an egg wash on it which just made matters worse. I will say the burger meat, with bacon and English cheddar if eaten all at the same time was great, though burger meat by itself needed season.    The Ugly- the coleslaw straight up had turned, it smelled like rotting vegetables in fishy water and tasted the same. I literally spit it out it was that bad.  I am sadly seeing a food quality issue here, borderline need health inspectors to visit on that coleslaw.  Also side note if they had more local craft beers other then 2-3 on draft, an extensive bourbon list this would make a killer spot for drinks and drinks only until food quality is resolved. Wishful thinking as well but would be great if this was a cigar bar as the atmosphere is prime for that.  PS- other people bitched about pricing but we felt it was very inexpensive. $51 for 2 meals, 3 drinks.  I really hope they make some of these suggested changes sooo much potential for go to spot.
331	adjudicated	2	I really enjoy the sushi here. It always taste so fresh and while their prices aren't the best, for what you get I'm pretty impressed. My husband always gets the teriyaki steak. Compared to other places the teriyaki steak is a little expensive for the quantity /quality. Service is always good, they keep your drinks filled and I have never had to wait too long for food. We don't go out of our way to go here, but if we are in the area we tend to stop in.
332	adjudicated	2	OK lunch buffet, but too oily.  i think weekend buffet is better than weekday.
333	adjudicated	1	I'll go back. Got a lb of brisket and a lb of pulled pork. Both were very very yummy. I'm shorting them stars for the sides, though. At the risk of sounding full of myself my Mac and Cheese is better. Also their burnt end beans were too heavy on the mustard for me. My kids dug their shoe string fries. I'll definitely go back for the meat. Maybe I'll give the coleslaw a try.
334	adjudicated	2	Oddly enough this is a decent location. Free multi floor parking was a plus in case of flooding. It has a decent gym, and a nice upstairs pool. Relatively easy on-off highway. A $14 Lyft to French Quarter's canal street. Concierge is minimalistic and oddly located in open area in front of elevators. I like the elevator key lock to the top floor.   But for some weird reason the prices in late October are rising above French Quarters, which I presume is a micro-market in Met'ree (that how they say Metairie ;-))
335	adjudicated	3	I'm from STL and sadly, I never had Ted Drewes until recently. I always see long lines so I figured I'd give it a try. I went to the location on South Grand and the ice was good but the service was terrible. The staff was rude and impatient while I tried to figure out what I wanted. Maybe I'll try the one on Hampton next time.
336	adjudicated	2	I gave The Mason Jar 3 stars for these reasons:   -They always get to-go orders incorrect. Always.  -The front of the house staff is not welcoming. They are sort of dreary.  -The menu is ok. Not a lot of diversity in the menu here. Standard American cuisine.   I do love the burgers however, and those dang garlic fries get me everytime! They are great for sharing.
337	adjudicated	3	Second time to visit Mazarin in three years.  Three years ago it was great, including the breakfast.    But this last visit, Dec 2016, not too good.  I never got an answer to three phone calls previous to the visit.  (Three different days and three different times of day) So, I emailed to request courtyard view.  My Superior bedroom was facing the courtyard but it did not view the courtyard.  I was put on the third floor which viewed  the top of a tarp that covered the courtyard during inclement weather.  Only the weather was not inclement ... I suppose they were too tired to remove tarp.  They are very busy. (Never got answer to email either)  We booked the room for two people and had to request two wash clothes each day since there were none.  The concierge never looked up from her PC to welcome guests and it would look better if she would smile. (She probably wasn't feeling well)  Doorman was great and the desk service was prompt.  The breakfast was not up to standard for a hotel of this price point.  It seemed cooked hours previously, then placed on steam trays.  Similar to what is served in La Quinta.  Eggs were scrambled and stiff, bacon was limp and chewy and all the breads were stale and cold.  Juice and coffee were fine.  We stayed three days but only ate breakfast there the first.  Even though breakfast cost was included in the room cost.  Hint to cooks: If you keep scrambled eggs on steam trays they continue to cook and become over done.  Also breads, bagels and croissants are baked fresh daily in the Quarter.  It would be good to serve it.  On the better side the rooms were very clean and when the drain in the shower was slow, leaving us standing in an inch of water, they sent maintenance man right away and repaired it.  Slept well every night  I am sorry but we will not be staying a third time and cannot recommend this hotel as a 4 or 5 star hotel.
338	adjudicated	3	Small menu, seems like a neighborhood diner atmosphere. We had the biscuits and gravy and the slinger, which comes with sausage instead of hamburger. Iced coffee is truly just black coffee served over large chunks of ice. Food was good, but nothing was great. Very small dining room with family style communal seating. First time trying, but probably won't be back.
339	adjudicated	3	Front end service was 5 stars and the space is elegant with an up scale feel. Wait staff was attentive and is well trained.  Back end was 2 stars, because entrees took very long and were unimpressive. Flavor was good but short on some ingredients. The veal special was just a breaded fried veal cutlet; no cheese, no sauce. Pappardelle with pork had almost no pork; tasted fine though. Chocolate hazelnut tort dessert took very long to expedite and preparation was inconsistent. We ordered 3 - there were 5 of us at the table - and one came with chocolate shavings, while 2 did not. One was also stuck to the plate and the crust was like stone.  They did comp us on the dessert, which was very nice considering the wait.   It's a nice place and they obviously put a lot of thought and money into the space, cuisine and concept. I hope they can work out the defects and execute on their vision.
340	adjudicated	2	My roommate and I began our best brunch search months ago and stumbled into Refuel when we first started. After going back a couple of times since, I can say the food is good and the ambiance is great but whole package isn't my top brunch spot in the city, or even in my top 5 (granted, there are a lot of brunch places in New Orleans).   I heard great things about their french toast so I went in with high hopes and was told they no longer serve it!! So, if you're in a sweet mood, get the Belgian waffle with all the goods on the side at no extra cost and share it with a trusted diner.   I'd be happy to return to check out their new menu, so hopefully that will up my brunch scale rating!
341	adjudicated	3	Let me point out that I do not eat oysters! I have been to this place a couple of times but only because I was with a group of friends.  The food here is good but certainly not the best creole food around. I like the gumbo here it is delicious and not watered down like most of the other restaurants in this city. The crab cakes here were good too!  The service was satisfactory. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was not as bad as some of the other places I dealt with in the French Quarter. So I guess it was okay to say the least.  One of the other things I like about this place is the unusual amounts of homeless wino's that pass out in front of this place. I kind of understand that this is the norm on Bourbon street. But it is comical to see a bum passed out in front of an upscale place like this. This place is really pricey, but given the fact it is an upscale place on bourbon street I totally understand why.  In short good food, mediocre service, pricey establishment and a magnet for drunks to pass out in front of!
342	adjudicated	1	A lil cozy bar/restaurant on Frenchman Street.  Small plates, good music and service.
343	adjudicated	2	I'm going to make the bold statement and say that I'm kind of an ice cream fanatic. Whenever I get ready for a trip, researching ice cream shops is at the top of my to-do list. I don't care if it's the dead of winter. You take coffee breaks? I take ice cream breaks. I realize that I take this obsession/addiction to an unhealthy extreme, as I've been known to eat it for dinner.   With that said, you can imagine that I was really excited to try this place since it is so highly rated on yelp. When reading the reviews, I was convinced that Creole Creamery was going to be the "Bi-rite of the south" (best ice cream I've ever had). I had some pretty high expectations. Unfortunately, it did not deliver quite like I thought it would but it certainly wasn't bad.   My main problem is that out of the 3 flavors I had, THEY ALL TASTED IDENTICAL. I got the Basil Coconut & Lavender and my sister got the Rose. These were some of the most unique flavors they offered and you'd think they'd be pretty distinguishable from one another. Alas, neither of us could taste much difference. The flavors were extremely subtle.  What I did love however was the creaminess and texture. This is where it gets close to the Bi-Rite status. The ice cream itself is very rich and smooth with perfect consistency. You simply can't buy something like this in the store. Had the flavors wowed me, I would have given this 5 stars, hands down (and it truly would have become the "Bi-Rite of the South" in my book).  All in all, I will definitely go back. I mean, it's still great ice cream. And I'm sure if I tried a more traditional flavor, the taste would be stronger. I just really love the weird stuff :)
344	adjudicated	2	Its a local deli. Prices are high, but that is the normal deal for places like this. They don't always put prices on their stuff which is sometimes annoying.  I go here often because it is close, all the employees are very friendly and they always pet my dog.
345	#REF!	2	Good: view, breeze, weather on this day. Bad: understaffed, picnic tables as seating, and no drink menu. I think that the incredible weather and view save this restaurant from being 2 stars. The food was "okay", service was slow because they needed more staff. All in all I'd come back again for a beer to watch the sunset on a nice day, but not big on dinner here.
346	adjudicated	3	Totally agree with the other lone (and 1st) review, the staffing at this store is dysfunctional and the merchandising is poor at best.   And, to make matters worse many of the center-store packaged product prices are not competitive to other merchants in the area.  There are some perks, if you live nearby it's of course convenience.  The other nice perk is that Lancaster brand steaks are very good and at this Acme they're always fresh, good grill cuts, and they are very reasonably priced.
347	adjudicated	4	Fun fact, I "recently" moved somewhat close to the "Hill". In fact, on the day that I finally found my apartment, my parents and I were driving down the road and stumbled upon a building adorned with a big, red, flashing sign-it read, "Joey B's on the Hill." Since we were famished from all of the decision making, we decided to give it a whirl.  Now, Joey B's is not quite located in the same area as the rest of the Hill restaurants, so I was anxious to see what it was like-most of the others are sit down, semi-nice, lit by the light of 1,000 candles types of places. You know, your typical Italian joint--checkered table clothes and all.  Joey B's was a little different as it looked a little more like a sports bar than most other places on the Hill--fewer candles, more big screen TVs. [Of course, my father was extraordinarily pleased that he could watch the Nascar race while we ate, so it was all good.]  After looking over the menu, my mom decided to order the French Dip and my dad and I decided to split a pizza-half supreme, half BBQ chicken. That's half sausage, pepperoni, bacon, mushroom, green pepper & onion and half grilled chicken, red onion and provel cheese with BBQ sauce. Let's just be honest. This was a mistake. And the mistake was my fault. I was the one who ordered the BBQ half of the pizza and it just did not hold a candle to the "regular" half of the pizza.  Yes, I'll admit that for once in my life a pizza with provel cheese on it--impressed me. I didn't expect that! But, the BBQ pizza was too sweet and I'm sad to say that we didn't eat much of it.  Luckily, my dad let me have a little of his and I was so glad he did, because his half of the pizza was much better than mine.  The pizza had a nice crunchy crust, but it didn't crumble and fall apart like some thin crusts can. Plus, the sauce was really good. Nice and tangy. In fact, I believe that the menu said that this was Rachel Ray's favorite pizza sauce--and who can argue with that?  All in all, it was just good pizza. No, not the *best* I'd ever had, but good. Plus, it was pretty BIG too-definitely enough to share. So either go in expecting left overs or take a BIG appetite.  Now that we've talked pizza, let's talk about the [unexpected] best part of the meal. My mom's french dip sandwich.  Thin, juicy, sliced roast beef served with its own au jus and melted provel cheese on French bread. This sandwich was very moist and very flavorful. I would have to describe it as comfort food... to the point where I am seriously look forward to going there in the winter and having one.  Plus, once again, I'm proud to say that I enjoyed the provel cheese on this dish! *gasp!* Maybe St. Louis is stealing my soul.... Or maybe Joey B's just knows how to use juuuustttt enough provel to bring the flavor palette in without overwhelming the taste buds. Yeah, I'll go with the second option.  Other menu items that we selected included onion rings (very heavily breaded, but pretty good... your standard onion rings) and side salads (again, the provel cheese was good on these salads. Shocking!). It was all just very satisfying; a nice hearty, savory meal.  So, what's the final judgement? The food was good (and partially changed my mind about provel cheese), the service friendly, and the atmosphere upbeat but not super exciting. I'd have to grade Joey B's like this:  Food: A- Atmosphere: B Service: A Price: $ Portion Size: Large  It truly seemed like a great place to grab a pizza and a couple beers and hang out with your friends. I definitely plan on returning and you should check it out too. Let me know what you think when you go!  Happy eating!
348	adjudicated	3	Sundial is a much improved downtown retail and restaurant complex that is righting many of the wrongs of the former Baywalk. The design is much more open and more conducive to bringing people to and through the center core.  Now that Locale Market has opened for business I expect the flow of people day and night will definitely increase. More traffic means more vitality.  Three restaurants on the second floor will be opening in 2015. Farm Table Kitchen which is the upstairs dining component to Locale Market. Ruth's Chris Steak House will bring a nationally known brand to the mix and Sea Salt, which is expanding from its original location in Naples, Florida, should bring additional attention and spark to Sundial's dining options.  But the retail mix to date just does not do much for me because I can either find the same shops elsewhere - Tommy Bahama, Chico's and Lululemon athletic clothing - or the new-to-the-market or locally owned shops are limited in what they offer.  This is a lovely complex in the center of a lively downtown that should become a destination for food but also for other reasons that encourage spending time and spending money. Here's hoping the retail can be amped up enough to shine just as brightly as its neighboring foodie-focused businesses.
349	adjudicated	2	A great place for breakfast - the parking situation is a little difficult with them only having a small area for cars. I don't live nearby so it's always a task to get a good space. The times I've gone early in the morning it has been a little hectic and crowded. I will say - the food is delicious. The coffee is better than most i.e. Starbucks, Duncan Donuts - it's a cut above the rest!
350	adjudicated	2	This is a good place to get a take out lunch if you are in the mood for something healthy. I would not recommend eating there because seating is limited and there are crowds of people waiting to order/pick up their take out meals.  Rittenhouse Square is just a few steps away and that's where I go to eat my lunch.  The lady sitting next to me on the bench remarked how good my food smelled.   Everything on the menu at Hip City Veg is vegan, though even if you are not vegan/vegetarian I would recommend it because the food tastes really good!  I liked the Udon noodle salad with faux-chicken. I've also had the ziggy burger which I thought was pretty good for a veggie burger (loved the fresh tomato, lettuce and onion) but especially enjoyed the sweet potato fries I had as a side.  There are also some interesting drinks. There is a "groothie" which is a greens and fruit smoothie. Personally I thought it was just OK and not that thirst quenching, but it seemed like a lot of people were ordering it so I tried it.  I preferred the green lemonade (lemonade plus kale, sweetened with agave), which was both delicious and refreshing!   Overall I'd recommend Hip City Veg and plan to go back!
351	adjudicated	3	I had high expectations when I went to this place recently after some recommendations from friends.  We visited on a night when there weren't very crowded so it was nice to be able to have such an attentive waitress and service.  I was a bit disappointed when I didn't find as much on the menu as I would have liked to have seen that would appeal to me.  I guess I have become very picky with my Yelp addiction in terms of scrutinizing every establishment I go to pretty thoroughly.    I ordered the hummus appetizer for the table and was very pleased at the quality of the dish.  For my entree I ordered their Bricks Salad which had plenty of fresh produce packed in.  I ordered a double portion of chicken for it, which still seemed pretty skimpy especially since I was charged for that request.  Overall, I'd say this is probably one of Ybor's lesser known spots as its more on the western edge of the main strip, yet it seems very lively and upbeat.  I did like that they had featured lots of artwork by various local artists that were on display and offerred for sale.  Not a bad place to hang out and have a drink if you're looking for a lower key outing in the Ybor area.
352	adjudicated	2	Love this place with the vibrant colors on a Sunday morning after a night out! We loved the Bloody Mary bar, however they were out of almost everything and they didn't replace. Our waitress was not with it. We have 8 people and it was about a 2 hour trip, 30 min of that was her just trying to figure out the bills, credit cards and payments. It was bad.
353	adjudicated	1	Decent place for lunch. Overall service is good with friendly employees.
354	adjudicated	2	This is where I head when I get that Texas BBQ itch. The brisket sandwiches are delicious, when cooked properly, and the sangria had me feeling nice.   The atmosphere is relaxed. Nice bar seating.
355	adjudicated	2	15 microbrew taps, order food, pretty nice little bar but the Wi-Fi is so so slow slow slow. I love whole foods and have been to most of them in the western United States, it's a good bar but not a good value---come on, growlers $20 to $40????
356	adjudicated	2	Was in town looking for breakfast places and this place had a super high rating.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to ordering biscuits and gravy because I like the way I make them.  Lots of sausage in the gravy and a bit of pepper.  I gave it a try.  The sausage gravy was very tasty as was the orange juice.  I didn't enjoy the biscuits.  They were very hard and smothering them in gravy didn't help much.  I also thought this place deserved more than one dollar sign.  It was a bit pricy.  All in all, pretty good.
357	adjudicated	2	This is a popular place to go for us students after exams on Friday. They have an excellent burger selection and the out door patio is now open for business. They have done a great job fixing it up. Live music outside and a decent selection of tap and bottle beers.  Enjoy
358	adjudicated	2	Hobnobber is close to my office, and the older male employees make a point to go here weekly. Possibly more than weekly. There really isn't a lot of variety around the 8000 block of Airline in Metairie. Hobnobber is somewhat close by on West Metairie Ave.  Anyway, in the ~2 years that I've worked at my current job, I hadn't tried Hobnobber. I'm not really a seafood fan and their menu consists of a lot of seafood entrees. If you like seafood, this might be the place for you. I finally gave in and accompanied some co-workers last week.   They recommended the Italian entrees, if I wasn't in the mood for seafood. I opted for the eggplant parmesan. While I didn't have high expectations, it was really quite good. I've had better, mind you, but for a quick and reasonably priced lunch, it was nice. Plus, it's a convenient location (for me).  If you are in a hurry, you might want to call ahead and place an order to-go. It's a small space with limited seating, particularly at lunch. Also, if dining in, note that it's one of those places where you order at the counter, the server brings your food, and then you eat. They have a small, limited selection salad bar by the serve-yourself drink machine.  Overall, I wouldn't make the trip here if I had more time for lunch. But, in a pinch, it's good homemade food at a good price.
359	adjudicated	3	Cool touristy place right in the heart of it all.  I loved the fact that people were throwing beads in the restaurant through the windows and that floats were passing by as we ate.  However, the service we received was atrocious.  I'd cut the woman some slack if I saw a doctor's note certifying that she was really mute, but she wasn't sharing.  Her response to us ordering was sighing and rolling her eyes.  WTF?  The good thing was,  I was not here to make friends.  I came here with one purpose in life - to slay a mighty roast beef n gravy Po Boy.  It was just what I wanted and more.  So good.  Sweet potato fries are bomb, too.  Good selection of Abita.  Hush puppies were whatever.  Kinda tasteless and underwhelming.  Bread pudding was amazing.  Overall, the food was a 4+, but the service brought my rating down.  I felt like we got one of the only people on Bourbon St. NOT having a good time.
360	adjudicated	1	uhhhh the waitress was quite not so nice when i asked for to build my own sandwich with just veggies. i wish she would've known more about the vegan options but apparently she didn't have time and was quite rushed.
361	adjudicated	1	Its worth a go.  Although its not huge-trust me your kids will have fun.   Remember to Bring your own towels and I suggest you bring water shoes too. Very Cute-with a retractable roof-which is perfect for the winter time.   Place is kept well enough.   There is a baby/small toddler area with their own slide and water sprinklers.
362	adjudicated	2	I guess I'm listed as a "picky" reviewer on Yelp, but this place could be 4 stars if they would address the service problems. Walked in at 7:30, gave the name and waited. Soon there were over a dozen people standing in the waiting area for tables. After 15 minutes the lady I gave my name to came over and asked what the name was again. I asked if we could sit at the 2 top that had been vacant since we walked in and she looked at the empty table and said sure. Ok, but why couldn't we be seated before that??? I do want to add that in between taking names, she was answering the phone, pouring coffee, ringing up checks and bussing tables. This place sorely needs a host or hostess. The couple that came in right behind us waited over 20 minutes to be seated, AND there was another 2 top open behind us. I don't get it. Anyway, the waiter came by, opened the wine and told us about the specials. I guess its picky if you want the wine opened and then given a few minutes to relax before hearing the specials. Anyway, another man came by several minutes later and asked if we were told the specials. We asked for a few minutes and he was very nice and said sure no problem. I will get to the food, but you have to read what else took place to understand why they need someone to co-ordinate the staff. A waitress brought the appetizers and when we were almost done, yet another waitress brought us bread with dipping sauce. Been nice to get the bread first. The dinner was brought out by a different waitress. At the end of the meal the a waitress brought by the dessert cart , which we passed on. The original waiter stopped by to ask about dessert, I said no thanks, but we would like the check. In between we kept trying to get someone's attention because we had asked to take part of an entree home. The waiter was way to busy and basically blew us off, one of the waitress' also passed by, but we couldn't get her to stop. Finally the man that seemed to be the manager came by and he took care of it. Ok, that's the bad news and maybe they were shorthanded , but a lot of other Yelpers note the same problem with service issues. People shouldn't have to sit and wait 15-30 minutes for a table. If this wasn't BYO, then you could always go sit at a bar and have a drink. The other thing is, no one offered to open the wine while we were waiting,as many BYO's will do if they can't seat you on time. Nor, did anyone say sorry about the wait. The food was very good, even as picky as I am. The shrimp tempura was serving of 5 very large gulf shrimp atop a very flavorful asain slaw. The duo, which consists of a crabcake slider and a sirloin slider was great. The crabcake was moist and had ample pieces of lump crabmeat. The sirloin slider was excellent, could of eaten a lot of those. The entree's were also top notch. The special Grouper with beans and crab was moist, cooked perfectly and had a nice red pepper sauce on the bottom. As most of the reviews talk about here, the Lobster ravioli is as good as anywhere in this area. The pasta was light, the ravioli was stuffed with lobster meat and the sauce was great. Like I said, take care of the service and seating issues and this is a 4 star. They do have their own lot, but you probably will have to park across the street if it's a weened night. I was glad I put this address in the nav system because at night and the first time there it's a little hard to find. Will give them another try in hopes the service improves.
363	adjudicated	2	Love their juice double burgers with bacon and cheese. Their new location at la Cumbre Plaza offer even better burgers.
364	adjudicated	1	Decent, centrally located hotel but hurt by thin walls and poor attention to detail by the housekeeping staff.
365	adjudicated	1	Ate Here Today the appetizers are good. Had the  fried Calamari was very good! I had the pasta an didnt really like it.But ate it it was really  too much garlic.I"ll come here for the  appetizers!
366	adjudicated	3	Went out for a late dinner in a city we did not know very well, after a few blocks saw this very nice looking restaurant in a area with many bars but weren't in the mood for bar food...meatball app was great so was the gravy that came with it, the caponata was good too and burrata just needed some seasoning.  Ordered personal pizzas a margherita and then a clam/bacon but said panchetta on menu they both tastes great hot! But one cooled back at the hotel room tasted bad for some reason.  As a side ordered broccoli rabe which cost 6 bucks but the serving size looked like a 3 buck suggestion, the rabe was not bitter at all the freshest i'ver eaten prepared in oil and garlic just a bit too much red pepper flakes...but still damn good
367	adjudicated	2	Cute little date spot tucked away down town Edmonton.Good service and good food.Was very happy with the Venison tenderloin and blue cheese gnocchi.Plating was very nice and the cook on the Venison was very good.My wife loved the lobster tail as well!
368	adjudicated	2	Fantastic appetizers, average service, average main course.  As a couple we had calamari and steak carpaccio for appetizer.  Some of the best cooked calamari I've ever had.  Had langoustine with pasta and gnocchi.  Pasta didn't seem hand made.  Gnocchi was but was heavy.  Large portions.  Decor ok.  Looked like the back office was in the restaurant which was a little off-putting.  Will likely go back just, if just for the calamari!
369	adjudicated	2	Customer service is where it's at. Look at this place. Decent lunch and breakfast food. I mean it all tastes great but it's just basic stuff, nothing different from the trucks on campus. Except one thing.. RICHIE! He's the man, he's made himself a local celebrity on campus with his great attitude and awesome service. I'm telling you he's a genius because why do I choose to come here over any other place on campus? Richie of course.
370	adjudicated	1	Went on a Saturday around lunch time. Very quiet. I was about the only one there. Sushi was ok. Ordered the eel roll and the Screaming Tuna roll. The eel on the roll was minuscule and the roll was dominated by enormous pieces of cucumber. The tuna roll was better and topped with scallions and masago. The obligatory side of ginger (which I'm not sure is really necessary) was of the kind dyed red, completely unnatural. Ginger is pale yellow or tan colored. Cordial service by the only server but he seemed bored as did the chef behind the counter.  Might try again if I'm in the mood and in the area.
371	adjudicated	2	I really think Herbie's is more in the 3.5 stars range, and it could be bumped up to 4 after we try out their brunch (heard it's amazing!) or some of their cocktails that other reviewers raved about.  Not sure if this place is ever crowded, but it certainly was fairly empty on a Wednesday night, so we were seated immediately.  I love sitting in the patio area with the view of Euclid.  Food: 1) Corn Chowder (special) - heard it was pretty good. 2) Ligurian Shrimp Pasta - nice and fresh.  It def had a spicy kick to it, but not so much that someone like me who can't handle spiciness was able to enjoy a few bites.  Shrimp was cooked perfectly and were pretty large. 3) Lobster Mac & Cheese (special) - pretty good.  Not swamped in cheese, though it lacked a little flavor (nothing some salt didn't fix).  Pretty big pieces of lobster.
372	adjudicated	1	I'll never give 1 or 2 stars for a restaurant because I don't feel that does any good and it takes a lot to be that bad.  I just got home after ordering takeout and I ordered the buffalo grilled chicken wrap. Well it's only grilled chicken minus the buffalo sauce. Not a big deal, but for the life of me, I can't seem to get a to-go order that is right when I leave this place. I blame the cook not doing his or her job and lack of management oversight.   I think I've given up on to-go orders here.
373	adjudicated	2	Experienced this restaurant 8-04-2013 with friends. We decided to sit in the courtyard, which had a lovely ambiance. However the the square table for four was much more suited to a table for two, really felt cramped.  The wines we chose were really good we had the cabernet sauvignon and our friend had the malbec which she really enjoyed.  For Dinner I chose the Salmone Campagnolo, the mash potatoes were great however the salmon was definately overcooked and very dry and lacked flavor. Everyone else chose the Saltimbocca, which was also nothing special, have had better on the hill.   Visited August 2013
374	adjudicated	4	Was in Philly this past weekend. I usually stay in Center City but all the hotels in the area were sold out because of the Equality Forum. I scored a decent rate of $120/night + tax through Expedia.  In any event, I enjoyed the overall vibe of the place. I checked in around 2:30pm. I was greeted by the handsome, energetic front desk clerk and directed to room 225.  While room 225 was definitely one of the larger rooms in the hotel, there's a reason for that. It was a double room designed for someone who uses a wheelchair. I was only staying one night so I didn't bother making a big fuss about it, but I did enjoy the larger size. Some of the accessibility "extras", like everything being REALLY low for easier access, took some getting used to. The bathroom area was equally huge, with easy access to the sink and closet area, as well as a water closet and roll-in shower tucked behind a huge sliding door. The shower itself had one of those detachable shower heads as well as a gym-shower style dispenser with body wash and shampoo.   As for the bed, other than being ridiculously low to the floor (again, for easier access for those in wheelchairs), it was pretty comfortable and I slept pretty soundly. The TV had a decent selection of HDTV channels. Complementary water and coffee was in the room, as well as a mini-fridge in the bathroom area in case you wanted to keep drinks or meds cool.   The parking fee was $9 with in/out privileges. You had to get a new ticket every time you entered and the front desk would stamp it when you wanted to leave the lot. The lot is pretty large and shared with two other Sheraton properties (They also run a shared shuttle in case you're going to or from the airport.).    I took a quick look at the pool area. It was pretty empty but again, it's early May and that's to be expected, I guess. There's not much choices for food onsite, other than a quick-service area that's a tad overpriced (again, to be expected). You can drive north maybe 5 minutes on Island Avenue for fast food if you needed to. The bar area looked fun, but again, it was pretty empty for a Saturday.  All in all, if I had to stay outside of Center City Philadelphia again, I'd probably stay here. They really should put one of these in Center City, if you ask me. It'd be perfect.
375	adjudicated	3	GET HERE EARLY.  This place gets packed  soon afterwards, and I am not lying when I tell you that the line for service can get a little intense.    Luckily, there is a sheet to sign in that lets the staff know who is set to go next, but when I went last Sunday, the girl that works the front desk wasn't in yet, the shop was super short-staffed, and it was basically pandemonium.  It reminded me of Mad Max at the Thunderdome as women hoarded nail polish shades, just to be sure they had a choice in the matter when their time came.  Seats were stolen, bitchy looks were exchanged, and it was just not pretty.    Once I made it to the back, only slightly worse for the wear, I received adequate service. Though it sort of goes without saying, I preferred the guy that did my manicure, who actually massaged my hands and arms, to the distracted girl that did my pedicure.  She was much more concerned with the Kardashians over her right shoulder and her cell phone in her lap to really worry about me.  She barely massaged my feet or legs at all, and, honestly, isn't that 90% of the experience?
376	adjudicated	1	If you want to get in and out quick, this KFC/Taco Bell is "ok" for a fast food place.    I went with my brother early evening, and got two hot wing boxes.  The chicken wings were a little over cooked and overpriced.  I wouldn't say you get a great value for portion sizes.  The hours are not late at this location.  The few times I have been here, the food hasn't so been great either... Overall, customer service is pretty good.    Go here if you're having a craving for either Taco Bell or KFC.   :) xoxo
377	adjudicated	2	We have been going here for three years now on a weekly basis and it is consistently good every time!  Tried almost everything on the menu and haven't had anything bad yet.  Patron margaritas are the best!  Chips and salsa are never ending!  Never too crowded and always seated quickly.  Friendly staff remembers us  ;)  Update:  place is going downhill now. :(.
378	adjudicated	2	The service here was great. Someone greeted me as soon as I walked in, the guy who took my order was very friendly, and the person who cleared my table asked me if I needed a refill or was just in general very cheery.  Not too impressed with the food though. The cucumber salad was delicious, so make sure you order that as your side - but admittedly it's a dish that's kind of hard to screw up. The wrap I got tasted okay, but it tasted like it was made in a microwave (not sure, maybe it was). In general the food reminded me of a mediterranean version of Panera. I don't like Panera either, so if you think the food there is awesome maybe you will like this place more than I did. The best way I can think to describe it is like the food you might get on a fancy mediterranean airline. It was edible and had some nice flavors, but just wasn't great. Without the very friendly service, I would have given this place 2 stars.
379	adjudicated	2	The chargrilled oysters are amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is being the service was kind of terrible. My shrimp po boy was awesome, but my sister said her alligator po boy was just okay.
380	adjudicated	2	This is the best pizza by far in Reno. Crisp crust and loaded with toppings. it was AMAZING!
381	adjudicated	1	Maybe I'll write an updated review bc I really want to try it again but from hearing other people talk about this place, I wasn't that impressed. I got the creole strawberry which tasted like vanilla ice cream with some strawberries (which didn't even taste "in season"). I should have tried some of their other flavors. Maybe next time.
382	adjudicated	1	Decent, consistent food. If you're in the CBD, they make solid food for a quick lunch or happy hour.
383	adjudicated	4	I wish I could write two reviews, because my two experiences here were night and day.  My partner and I went here twice during our trip. The first time was great. Bar was busy, but we snagged a spot to stand and got great service. Between the delicious cocktails (peanut infusion is a real treat), the upbeat music, and friendly patrons and staff, we thought we had found our spot for the rest of our trip.  The second time was much different. Although the bar was pretty empty, the two bartenders ignored us after our first drink order, chatting up and serving other patrons, but letting our drinks sit empty for over 15 minutes, despite our efforts to catch their eye. It appeared they'd determined middle-aged patrons were a better source of tips and saved their charm for them. When one server finally checked in with us (asking abruptly if we were okay, not suggesting another cocktail or anything to make us feel welcome), our mood had been soured and so we passed on the second drink we'd been planning and moved on to Batch up the street, where the cocktails are just as good and the bartender was happy to serve them.  Sad to offer a less than hearty recommendation because our first trip here was so great. Another review here suggested different experiences based on bartenders, so I guess we're not alone in finding up hut and miss. We will peak in the window to identify rage bartender before entering on our next trip,
384	adjudicated	2	Let me start with the positive. The staff and customer service here is exceptional. They will go out of their way to make things right for you and accommodate your needs. However, the hotel facilities they have to work with is in dire need of renovation. The shower in our room dripped all night long; the toilet would not flush properly; consequently it repeatedly overflowed; the tile in the bathroom was broken in several places and dirt had accumulated in the large chipped areas; the facing on the bathroom sink had a huge crack and the toilet paper holder was falling out of the facing; attempts to fix the facing was evident by spackle smeared near the crack and gloves of glue around the toilet paper holder. The furniture in the living are was visibly soiled and the lamp shade in the bedroom was broke.  It's unfortunate that Hilton does not renovate this hotel. The staff was awesome and it would be a shame for them to lose business due to the outdated and falling apart facilities.
385	adjudicated	2	Well maintained and looks clean. More equipped than the Ina/Shannon location. The personal training area however, is monopolized by some bushmaster. Soon as I stepped foot in there she had to jump in and intervene on my workout. Wouldn't even allow me use of a small portion of the floor away from her client session. I am free to workout in the personal training area at the other location which I miss right now since it is being renovated. Other than the bushmaster, it is a great facility.
386	adjudicated	1	I went to Milktooth over the weekend and I really wanted to love it but it was just okay.  I read through a few of the reviews before going and wasn't surprised that they were out of the fried chicken when I got there.  I wasn't planning on ordering it anyway but someone in my group tried to.    I ended up going with the lamb patty melt and while it was good...it wasn't great.  I love having an egg on my sandwich so that was a highlight.  The lamb wasn't that great and it tasted like they combined the lamb meat with some sort of sausage but it don't state so on the menu.   The french fries were good but nothing special.  The lamb stew was the other item I was considering getting so maybe it would be worth going back and trying that.    If you're a vegetarian you probably want to avoid this place all together because it's not very veggie friendly.  And don't think you can go and order something (like the waffle) without the bacon because your requests for revisions will be "politely declined" as it states on the menu.   I like that they tell you ahead of time but it doesn't seem like it would be a terrible thing to request that the cook doesn't sprinkle the bacon on top of the waffle.   They do have some very interesting drinks and I would consider going there to grab a coffee because the process for coffee seemed to be quite intricate.    I will say that the their menu has changed since they opened and a lot of what was mentioned in previous reviews is no longer on the menu.
387	adjudicated	2	Please Sheraton, put this hotel next on your list for renovations.  Our room kind of looks like like a tag sale of furniture acquired between 1970 and 2000, and the grout in the bathroom has turned pretty black.  In fact, it looks just like I remember Sheratons looking when I stayed in them as a kid. And, the fitness center has a ripped up treadmill, loud elliptical, and ceilings not exactly conducive to a tall man lifting weights.  Bright spots were the lemonade at afternoon check-in, the 1875 watt hairdryer, and if we were the wedding (or prom) crashing types, it would be easy at the Sheraton.    Given the choice, I'd stay elsewhere (after a string of bad Starwood experiences, the chain has yet to redeem itself), but hotel rooms were in short supply.
388	adjudicated	3	Been coming to Casa for 10 years. Only ate in the restaurant side twice! I am a bar guy! The best margaritas in town for the money and I have had them all over town. Bean dip is great and salsa is usually very good, although inconsistent.  Food is usually good, although also hit and miss depending on the kitchen staff on a given night. Sit at the bar and talk with long-time bartender Dave. He will keep laughing and well libated. In short,  if you are looking for decent (sometimes very good) food, great margaritas,  and a very good bartender,  this might be your spot. Zero in on one or two menu items and enjoy the drinks and company.
389	adjudicated	2	I ordered the chicken enchiladas and was rather pleased with them. I wouldn't say they're better than any other place, but they were satisfying. I didn't enjoy the beans that came with them, though. They were a little bitter in my opinion. The rice was dry.  This doesn't affect my view of the place, but the plate was so dang hot! I accidentally touched the edge of the plate with my pinky and burned myself instantly. I now have a fat blister because of it.
390	adjudicated	3	Love this place! It was my first time here a couple weeks ago but every single hair seems to be growing in just fine. Molly cut my hair and did a great job. From the reviews it seems as though everyone there is great though. I heard through the grape vine and reading other reviews on here they offer you a glass of wine, beer, or rum. But for some reason I was only offered a glass of water or coffee. As a home brewer myself and total beer geek I was totally bummed I wasn't offered the beer but totally got over it with the great service, hospitality, and overall atmosphere there.   Highly recommend this place.  Went back a couple more times, and had a bad experience the last time.
391	adjudicated	1	I miss Mexically, but if you can't make the trek/wait in line for Don Memos then this is a decent option.  Most recently I had the chicken tostada.  It was a ton of food, but it didn't wow me.  The flavors are kind of bland.  I wish they didn't charge for guacamole.  It's cheap, quick Mexican style food.
392	adjudicated	1	Not value for money. Quantity is very less as compared to the price paid.  Overall Ok restaurant.
393	adjudicated	2	Why is it that ALL Anthros have dressing rooms that seem lit by a candle on the verge of flickering out?  The longer dresses on the first floor are usually amazing.  The rest...well, there are no must-have items anymore. Lack of essential wearability/usefulness seems to be hitting a lot of women's clothing stores these days.
394	adjudicated	2	I ordered the combo vermicelli and was pretty disappointed. The meat portion was very small compared to the huge portion of rice noodle they gave me make it look like there's a lot of food. The combo cake with 2 bland shrimp, 1 eggroll and a few pieces of marinated beef. I also ordered an iced viet coffee which was pretty decent. It wasn't as strong as the ones you would get from 626 or OC area. However, it's pretty good coming from SB. I think they diluted the flavor a bit as well. Overall, I would come back for their viet coffee but not for their main course.
395	adjudicated	1	The food was good and the staff was nice, but we arrives at the start of the breakfast rush and it took a long time to get food to the table.
396	adjudicated	2	Super cute place! Came during lunch and I had the fig salad and it was really good although I'd probably ask for the dressing on the side next time since it was a bit much for me. Would definitely go again for another day date!
397	adjudicated	3	The staff are lovely and the interior is modern, but the food is entirely mediocre. Small portion sizes, which would be fine except that these "tapas" are priced up to $20. The fried chicken was tasty, but the herb garlic chicken was just bizarre in taste. And somehow each dish was topped with the same spring greens mix for no apparent reason than to take up more space on the plate. It's a nice trendy place for a drink, but go only for the atmosphere and not for the food.
398	adjudicated	3	We were staying on Bourbon Street and passed by this place several times. The balcony looked like a cool place to hang out and I love a good burger so we decided to have lunch here. The balcony tables seem to be the first to fill probably because it overlooks Bourbon Street. The hostess seated us at the last available table. We got lucky.    The service was slow. We were here well over an hour. The time between getting our drinks, taking our order, and getting our food was pretty long. Even getting our check took forever but our server was very friendly. It was a good thing we weren't in a hurry.   My husband and I ordered build your own burgers with tater tots. Menu stated two patties with your choice of cheese and condiments. I thought that has to be huge but I didn't see a single patty option. When the burger arrived I realized why it was two patties. They were thin. Mine were very crisp as in overcooked but at least they were warm. My husband's were cold. The tots were ok. The burger was edible but not great which was disappointing considering burger is in the name.
399	adjudicated	1	It's a salad place like saladworks. Lettuce had thick stems, chickpea hot topping wasn't too flavorful.
400	adjudicated	1	Excellent food. Nice location. Only complaint is I requested butter for my pancakes and never got it.
401	adjudicated	1	But, It might be a 2 stars.  All of the staff were great, but the 2 room suite with a small version of a kitchen was more like a 2.  Poorly done "remodel" or just plain in need of remodeling.  Bummer
402	adjudicated	3	Fast food style Greek food.  I would bet most of the 4 or 5 stars are from late night college students after a few drinks.  I would not be afraid to return for lunch as it is quick, clean, priced right, and the food was solid.  However, I have had much better Gyro's and Fries.  Everyone talked about the wings and the staff said they were great, so maybe next time I will go that route and update the review.
403	adjudicated	2	Came in here on a Friday night not really expecting much but to watch the Sixers game. They had a few drink specials, none of which really appealed to me. The mixed drink I got seemed really weak. However, at around 9pm the bartender ABSOLUTELY BLASTED the music to the point where my mate and I paid our check and promptly had to leave. We could still hear the music playing all the way down the street. I don't know if they do that to lure people in or scare them away. I prefer other bars in the neighborhood...
404	adjudicated	1	The Indian cinnamon donuts are delicious!  The rest are just OK, the fancy donuts were nothing to rave about and I had such high expectations for the fried chicken, but it was also pretty standard stuff.  But definitely grab a dozen Indian cinnamons.
405	adjudicated	2	Food was pretty good. Service not so great. Not as fun as the locals make it sound. It is a pretty cool place being on the water.
406	adjudicated	2	This review is for Sunday brunch only. The inside of the inn is beautiful and historic, particularly the Library which is where our large group was seated. The service was great. The brunch offerings, however, were not so impressive. At $26pp, a waffle station would have been nice. Or pancakes. If you wanted eggs, you had to wait at the omelet station. A type of breakfast meat other than pork bacon would have been good also, e.g. turkey sausage, turkey bacon. The vodka penne, chicken francaise, potatoes and green beans were all lacking in flavor.  The cookies and other dessert items were not worth the calories or fat content.
407	adjudicated	2	I would have given this 4-stars when it was operated under its former name (which escapes me right now).  The food was still good, but gone are the outstanding individually made margaritas (now they're out of a machine a la "Fat Tuesday" style).  Also was a bit disappointed at our service while sitting at the bar...it was anything but crowded there, yet we waited a disproportionate amount of time for service.  Still not a bad place to go while in Phoenixville.
408	adjudicated	1	An interesting place to visit but, once is enough. Try the West park for better views and more interesting trails, instead. Plus the sunsets in the West park are much better.
409	adjudicated	3	We are still fans of Taco Bus over Casita. It was evening when we arrived, and Casita Taqueria had a few customers. We were met with smiles and a very cheerful, charming staff.  They explained the menu to us and we were left to order.  My wife ordered a Shrimp Casitas bowl and I had the Carne Asada taco and the Barbacoa taco.  The meal came out fast and.... well we weren't blown away at all.  I had been waiting for months to come here to the "Best Taco Place" in St. Pete, but I was disappointed.  My tacos flavors were muddled and colorless, while the hot sauce was missing that wow factor as well.  The shrimp casitas bowl was just "ok" per my wife's review and it too was just missing that something.   So for service, you guys are awesome!  But for the flavor, we just needed that "over the top, next-level", "umami" type of mexican that we have been exposed to lately.
410	adjudicated	2	This is 3 miles away from the main drag of State Street (taxi costs approx $15 to get into 'town').  Rooms are a decent size and the front desk staff were very pleasant.  Coffee, fruit, cookies and water free in the  room.  And the Cal KIng mattress was the most amazing mattress I've ever slept on to be quite frank. We had one unfortunate incident at the restaurant attached to the hotel - 4 of us went to breakfast there this morning. We're English by birth but we've lived in Los Angeles for many years.  However, the restaurant staff heard our English accents and decided that they could take us for a ride with the tip.  When presenting us with the check, they added a 20% tip to the final total.  We immediately addressed it with the manager - firstly, a check should never be presented with gratuity added unless it's a party of 6 or more.  Secondly, automatically adding 20% is just rude.  Fact of the matter is, we probably would have tipped 20%.  The managers response was weak.  He informed us that many "Europeans" don't know the tipping ettiquette and therefore, they decided to assist us by 'adding 20%" to the check.  His manner and demeanor was completely offensive.
411	adjudicated	2	Well, Chatham Tap is about as inoffensive as a bar can be. It doesn't overwhelm you with the TeeVees like a lot of sports bars (there's just one giant screen behind the bar). The atmosphere is cozy but there's still decent seating, the staff is friendly and the menu is even a little out there for pub food--gouda melted over apples on ciabatta? Hmm.... I had an apple, candied walnut and feta salad. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's called "salad"--it was more like dessert. They could lay off the candied walnuts and raspberry dressing a bit and this would be a lot better and healthier option. I tried my companion's pesto and mushroom sandwich and it was quite good (probably not healthy either). The thick spicy chips were yummy (possibly homemade?). I guess most people don't go to bars to get healthful food, but I sometimes like to mitigate the beer calories by choosing the less fatty-sounding pub fare. I think Old Point may be a better option for those situations.  And, regarding beer.... I drank London Pride, which was decent. I'm not really wowed by places that have Boddington's and Fat Tire on tap--these are mass-produced and -distributed beer, people! That said, it's better than Bud or Coors.   Overall, Chatham is a decent bar. I can see why some might be more smitten than I was--it manages to offer a bit more than your generic pub experience and that can go a long way in Indy. If you're a football (soccer) fan you might also give this place extra points. But for me there wasn't really anything special to grab on to.
412	adjudicated	1	Ordered out from here last night.  Nothing spectacular, but the food was good and plentiful.  I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it, but since it's in the neighborhood, I may be spending more time here experimenting on other food.  I had the chicken Parmesan (sans cheese).  I really wanted the spaghetti with it, but they ran out before we picked it up, so it came with Lasagna.  It was pretty tasty.  If you are ordering over the phone, be sure to ask them what they have.
413	adjudicated	2	I can't really complain about my stay here. We were in Philly for 5 days and spent the last 3 nights at the Windsor. The room we got was bigger than our apartment in NYC (we upgraded, but i think they accidently gave us a HUGE room, that or the price is just AMAZING).. the king size bed was amazing. We had a balcony, living room, and full kitchen. I wish it would have been a bit more clean and updated. That fitness room is kind of a joke, but i just used the treadmill. The staff seemed friendly and took care of everything we could have asked for. If we come to Philly next summer we will probably stay here again.
414	adjudicated	1	It's a chain but food is solid if your looking for a steak.
415	adjudicated	2	The Grand opening was really nice. They were passing out a lot menu items. They were really good and the service was excellent. Our waitress was very attentive and congenial. We had the roast beef poboy with mac n cheese. Poor quality. We also had a chocolate malt  really good.
416	adjudicated	3	I've had the pleasure of experiencing Han Dynasty's exquisite Sichuan cuisine in the Old City and University City locations. Today a friend and I decided to try something new. We tried Han Dynasty Cherry Hill.   Good: pea leaves with garlic. These were excellent! Get these! In addition, get the spicy crispy cucumbers  Cold Noodles in Chili Oil: I learned that the taste of the cold noodles depends on the master chef. IMHO, the master chef at the U City location makes a better cold noodle in chili oil dish  Garlic Sauce Style: my friend had this. She said it tasted better at the Old City location.  Ants Climbing a Tree: tasteless  Please read: we expressed our dissatisfaction to the General Manager and he was incredibly responsive. I give the manager 5 stars.
417	adjudicated	4	Came here with my girlfriend on a Monday night and took advantage of the Yelp coupon (which you should too).  Ambiance: Home-y but very small and cramped. Luckily it wasn't too busy on a Monday night. Can't imagine the place packed given it was already hard to hold a conversation given we could hear the other two tables talking around us (BYOB makes everyone a bit louder).  Service: There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered. Made solid food recommendations and were attentive. Our waiter was also extremely friendly.  Food: Solid italian food. Nothing out of this world, but good. We got a special appetizer - Italian Empanada...Sounds weird, but it was very flaky, delicious party in a slightly spicy marinara. Very delicious. My main entre was the beef osso bucco. The meat was delicious, but don't expect any bone marrow with this dish. My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok. Noodles were homemade, but the sauce was a little off.  All in all, a reasonably priced Italian BYOB. Just don't come expecting the absolute best italian food.
418	adjudicated	2	This was my first time, but my dining companion has been before and pointed out a few changes. I had the portobello stuffed pretzel and he had the black bean burger. Both were fine. Our complaint was with the sides. The options were Ruffles or store bought pasta salad. My companion said they used to have sweet potato fries so he was really disappointed since that's why we came. I think we'll stick to stopping in for a drink and skip eating there.
419	adjudicated	2	Only good thing about this place are the fries. The burgers are not that special or great. Ordered the double mushroom and got more mushrooms than burger patty. Almost reminds me of a McDonald's burger patty. Even with 2 patties the burger felt mediocre at best. Greasy mushrooms and a soggy bun. Came out to $12 with drink and fries and still felt hungry afterwards. If you want a real burger and fries, try a true authentic local place.
420	adjudicated	2	I've stopped here twice on a Sunday for the lunch buffet. I like the complimentary tea and mango lassi and the food is average. However, each time I've been there a woman (possibly the owner/manager) has been on her cell phone talking nonstop while seating people, while filling water glasses and even while checking people out when leaving. She can't put the phone down to greet or say thank you?  And the entire time we were eating she was on the phone in the back of the restaurant and wasn't very quiet in her conversation. I think next time I try one of the other Indian restaurants in the area.
421	adjudicated	2	Acme in Flourtown is good for a small local grocery store. It's clean, has a fairly decent layout and selection and the staff is pretty good. If you're looking to grab something quick it's the best option close by. (The Genuardis in Flourtown and Acme in Ft Washington both kinda suck)  However, If you're looking to do some heavy, stocking up, grocery shopping you're probably better off heading somewhere else.
422	adjudicated	2	Applebee's isn't really my thing, but I had a gift card, so we stopped in. It was actually pretty good. My wife's portabella chicken was very tasty and perfectly cooked. My bourbon street steak was also cooked nicely, but it did have that weird Applebee's steak texture. The pretzel sticks were a really good appetizer, though. Ceasar salads were fresh and good. Not too shabby, Applebee's!
423	adjudicated	2	This is only based on breakfast. The selection is limited. I was hoping they'd have beignets. In lieu of that, I got coffee, fruit, and bacon - sweet and salty. The coffee was great. The bacon and fruit were sad for $5 each. The bacon was scrawny. The few berries weren't sweet, and the melons were under ripe. As with the hotel itself, the staff were rather muted - not especially helpful or friendly.  If it's raining outside and you're getting ready to leave, stay here for breakfast. Otherwise, go out.
424	adjudicated	3	Not bad, not bad.  Went there for lunch and liked the variety of spice levels.  Also liked that the lunch buffet did not have too many mediocre things, but rather had a dozen well made dishes in smaller batches.  Service was above average and cleanliness is next to excellent.
425	adjudicated	2	The idea is cool,  but the tacos were a bit of a disappointment. We got the chicken, carne asada and fish tacos. The chicken was dry and carne asada was salty so it wasn't full of flavor. The fish taco was good, though! Tender, juicy, and crispy! I don't think the tacos are worth the price, especially since tacos are supposed to be a cheap, simple and delicious food. Overall, I wouldn't go back but it is a cool atmosphere and right in downtown which is convenient.
426	adjudicated	2	My husband and I have been here a number of times and the food is typical beach eatery  I always enjoyed the food. Today , however ,the  platter I ordered was pretty bad. Crab cake , not much crab was lukewarm and mushy, scallops undercooked and fish overlooked and dry. Nothing was hot.  Not going back anytime soon Server was very nice though.
427	adjudicated	3	The good: plush beds, huge flat screen tv, nice toiletries and great location. Very nice staff.  The bad: The hotel was under renovation, so there was construction outside and tarps making a nice courtyard look like a junkyard. We got stuck in the 3rd world country wing ( i think bc we got a cheap rate) where the air system was loud and obnoxious, and the wifi was broken. We had to take an elevator then a stair case to our room. The breakfast everyone raves about is quite mediocre compared to a spread places like the Intercontinental and other upscale hotels put together.
428	adjudicated	3	My husband and I dined here for the first time last night to celebrate his birthday. Here's the breakdown! Atmosphere- This restaurant seems to be disjointed. I really liked the ambiance and feel in the bar area and a small seating area connecting to the main dining area. For some reason, I wasn't feeling it in the main dining area (where we sat). I guess that's the idea and maybe we should have asked to sit in a different area. Part of it may have to do with the fact that we were the youngest people in the place by about 40 years. We could hear the commotion in the kitchen, which was weird because it didn't seem like we were that close to it. Next time I would request to be seated elsewhere. Service- Our waitress was alright, she just seemed a little out of place. She broke a dish on the floor, and overall was a bit sloppy. She was nice enough though, and checked on us an adequate amount.  Food-  I loved the fact that there was the option to order petite serving, which upon arrival to our table seemed laughable. But once I started eating, it was the perfect amount of food! I ordered the Cedar Plank Salmon and my husband ordered the Crab Cakes. My salmon was delicious and crab cakes decent. However, our sides were just OK. Also my husband's salad seemed straight out of a bag. We were pleasantly surprised at the end of the meal when our server brought us 2 mini chocolate fudge cookies. Mmmmm! The perfect end to the meal!  I might try this place again for drinks/appetizers or I could see a mother's day brunch here, but overall our dining experience wasn't that memorable. Maybe we will give it another try, because I really want to like this place!
429	adjudicated	2	I ordered delivery from here 3 times when I wanted sushi, all 3 times the delivery guy instead of knocking or ringing the doorbell just...opened my front door, which scared me to death, another time I waited over 2 hours for my food...and old sushi is not good sushi. Maybe its better to sit and eat at, I only used their delivery service and likely won't be doing so again. But generally speaking they are fine.
430	adjudicated	2	The service is not great here.  It takes a long time for our food to come out.  The food is just ok and I have tried many dishes.  The restaurant is way to loud on the weekends and the tables are to close together.  Not a relaxing atmosphere.  It has a great bar scene....crowded and loud.
431	adjudicated	2	Good food but terrible service. Wait was crazy and there were open tables.  Not a good place to eat at if you have kids!!
432	adjudicated	3	Okay, we were off to a bad start.  Party of 9 (4 adults & 5 kids ages 8-12).  It wasn't packed ( but we were packed in a kind of wrap around booth).    We were there an hour before our food was served.  The waitress kept up with drink refills and apologies.  5-stars for her!  When the food finally arrived it was hot and impressive in both taste and presentation.  The burgers were mile-high with toppings, and the kids meals satisfied our big kids. I would say worth the wait but that wait was way too long with no visit from the management.     I'll come back for the Cowboy Burger and hope for the best.
433	adjudicated	2	I got a craving for a turkey burger and was in the area.  It had been over half a year since my last bad experience, so I thought I'd give it another shot.  I am happy to say that I didn't regret it.  I have been back another time since then and the service has been excellent.  Our orders were taken promptly, the correct food arrived, and my burger and fries were hot and fresh.  I tried the mushroom burger with turkey and it was loaded with mushrooms.  The server even brought us fries while we waited because it was taking longer than ten minutes.  She made sure to keep our water glasses full.  If you can, try to sit in Janesca's section, and you will be well taken care of.        The other servers I had gotten bad service from still work there as I saw a few of them walking around.  Hopefully they have improved since my bad experiences.  The only other complaint I have is this place really needs to be dusted!  It doesn't look dirty other than that, but where the carousel horses are along-side the booths is coated with a thick layer of dust.  If they fix that, I would come back more often.
434	adjudicated	3	This place is okay as long as you know what to order. Steaks, chicken, and sandwiches are okay, everything else needs to improve. I am not rating desert here, since these are a safe bet.  Parking at this place is rough, the service is pretty good and makes up for this.  I generally only eat lunch here because the place is not worth the hassle of a dinner crowd.  While I do not go out of my way to go to any Outback, this one is a better one.  Also this location really tries to make improvements and make your experience enjoyable, but the food is average at best.
435	adjudicated	2	Mild was far too spicy. The staff was nice, but the white waiter was pretty inattentive (and partially def I think). Food and prices ok.
436	adjudicated	3	3.5 stars  Hubs and I decided to stop in this place after driving past it on several occasions.  I am very glad we did because we find all kinds of deals here.  Granted, we sometimes "over-shop" because of low prices, but with the savings we are actually breaking even.  How do I know prices are good?  Well I am one of those people that, for whatever reason, tends to memorize prices from my other grocery retailers whether I want to or not.  For example, a 20 ounce Red Bull here is $2.40 while the exact same thing at another store is in the $4.50+ range.    Just this past weekend we bought a Keurig K300 for $80.80.  The same item retailed for over $100 at several other places nearby.  So why just 3.5 stars if I am saving money and am now flush with cash*?  Well the downside is that unlike a typical grocery chain you cannot necessarily find all the brands you are looking for when shopping.  That makes it inevitable that I have to make a trip to a separate store if I have specific needs which cannot be met at IGA.  But I do start my shopping here to get what I can before I go to round two.  The employees are helpful, the place is neat and clean and the prices rock.  *sarcasm - I'm NEVER flush with cash.....
437	adjudicated	1	The entrées and sides in the buffet are nothing special... but the dessert options are better than many restaurants of its kind. Instead of the usual one or two dessert options, they have four--kheer, ras malai, gulab jamun, and jalebi. The jalebi is so delicious; I can only eat a few tiny pieces though, because it is so sweet! If you have a super sweet tooth and love Indian desserts, being content with the pretty average main meal options is worth it to enjoy the sweet highlights.
438	adjudicated	2	Very nice guy, good at giving a solid, sharp haircut, but I didn't feel like he was up to speed on more modern hairstyles. Plus I didn't fee like I got the full barbershop experience: no straight razor for the neck or side part, no blow drying to style my hair, and his products were American crew. Would I go back? Probably. But I'd hope to find a barber that more fits my style.
439	adjudicated	2	We may have visited on an off day. Tacos and gauc were good but no comparison to Funky Taco. $15 for a cold glass of the only Cab Sauv on the menu was disappointing. Seriously, that much for a glass of wine?  Mushroom taco that said was a mix of many mushrooms was all portobellos with one shiitake mushroom? Not ok. Great setting but need to refine quality. Blackened fish taco had no blackening. Might try again, maybe.
440	adjudicated	2	This place has been around forever! Food is pretty good, there's a good bit of variety on the menu as well, so I always try to get something different. If you are in the area, you should definitely stop by if you want tasty food and friendly service.
441	adjudicated	2	The Dosa is pretty decent but honestly the smoke really made my head hurt and made me cough. Made me feel pretty miserable and not hungry. Slow service, restaurant not clean.
442	adjudicated	3	One of the best places on Washington Avenue to sit outside and relax.  A very relaxing atmosphere both inside and out, with service to match.  We enjoyed both outside for people watching and inside for the fireplace and black and white movies on the televisions.   One of the best features of Blondie's is that while the rest of the block is loud and raucous, Blondie's is a nice oasis away from all of this.   Food and drink: Blondie's offers an above average list of wines by the glass, and some very nice beer selections.  I enjoyed several red wines, a cava, and a few glasses of beer over several recent visits.  They also offer a limited menu of smaller plates, charcuterie and the likes, from which I have not ordered.  Given their offerings, I'm sure these are quite nice.  Also a very nice feature is their $4 wine nights on Wednesdays, which is always a plus.  We will definitely be back in the future...
443	adjudicated	2	3 stars means I like it and I'll be back for more. I love Cuban food.  I lived in Tampa a long time and got to eat a lot of Cuban food. I'm excited to have another Cuban place here in Indy. There aren't many.   When I think of good Cuban food, I think of Cuban bread, yucca, plantains, pork and cafe con leche...just to name a few.  Today, we got the Cuban sandwich and the plantains. They were both really good. The portion size of the sandwich was huge. It could easily be shared. The pork and ham were good.  There were two big misses. The biggest miss is the bread. It's just not right. It was almost the consistency of a cracker. It wasn't bad, but ALL of the Cuban bread I've ever eaten was much better. Even if it's pressed, I've never had cracker-like Cuban bread.  Cuban bread is something that I would order as a side, I love it so much. This bread missed the mark.  Maybe I missed it, but there was no yucca on the menu. I really love good Cuban yucca. That was the other miss.
444	adjudicated	3	This place is quick with your dry cleaning but man is it expensive! The location is close to our place, so it makes it convenient, and I must admit like I said above they are super quick at getting your things cleaned. I always keep my eye out for coupons they deliver to our home and those come every couple months - they make my trip to the dry cleaner significantly less expensive!   The staff are there to do there job and that's apparent, there is no idle chit chat - it's get in get out, let's get down to businesses.   Everything I've had cleaned here has been done well so I have no complaints and would recommend this place to friends in the future!
445	adjudicated	2	Met a friend for dinner there about 5pm, based on his recommendation.  We tried some of the craft beer - the porter was very good.  Ordered dinner, ribs and brisket combination.  The brisket was moist and held together well, but not too fatty.  The ribs were flavorful as well.  What was disappointing though, was the portion size.  My friend and I both, almost simultaneously, mentioned how small the serving size was for the price. Our server was prompt, attentive and friendly. Will I go back next time I'm in town?  Probably.  But next time I'll try lunch and a sandwich.
446	adjudicated	2	Silver in the City has some really nice jewelry.  They also have a lot of fun trinkets that would make good gifts--things like Better-Than-A-Boyfriend soap, snarky fridge magnets, and bacon flavored gum.  They also sell some locally made goods, such as purses made from the roof of the old RCA dome.  Somewhat surprisingly, they sell furniture as well.  The location is nice, right next to Starbucks on Mass Ave.  The reason I give it 3 stars is that it seems really overpriced.  I'm not a jewelry expert, so I can't comment on those prices.  They may be quite legitimate.  A lot of the jewelry is really beautiful, and made by artists.  But all of the gifty items cost at least twice what I would have expected.  There may be a reason for this that I'm not aware of--I do know that some items are printed on recycled paper and reused materials.  I respect that.  But other items really seem unreasonable, like the $8 bar of soap or the $20 bento box.  As someone who has to live on a budget, this is a bit of a turn off.  But the place was full of people on a Sunday morning, so maybe I'm just getting old and cranky.  It is obviously a very popular store in Indianapolis.  To each their own, I guess!
447	adjudicated	3	This was my first visit to this location, although we've eaten at several others.  We were a party of 7 adults and 2 children, and were seated in an area with other children, which is fine with me - might as well keep all the noise in one area  :-)  I had the Chicken Jack and Bacon sandwich, which had a good size hunk of chicken in it, along with the cheese, bacon, tomato and onion, but strangely absolutely no sauce or dressing of any kind, making it rather dry.  Other than that, it was good, and everyone else seemed content with their meal.  Our server was attentive and patient, and all our meals were served at the same time, eliminating that awkward "waiting" stage that often happens with larger parties.  However, there was bad news - the children's meal no longer includes a dessert of Dirt and Worms, which (as silly as it may seem) has always been the main attraction of Tony Roma's if kids are along.   We had to pay an extra dollar for a small scoop of freezer-burned vanilla ice cream which neither child finished, nor any adult wanted to eat because of the crystallization of it.  It's funny how Dirt and Worms has become a tradition for us, and the meal didn't seem complete without it.  Hey, Tony, you may have lost some customers over that pudding and cookie crumbs and gummy worm "cost-cutting" elimination.  Others may value you for your ribs, but for us it was the giggles over chocolate-covered faces that made us leave with a smile on our faces.
448	adjudicated	3	The theme of the resturant is a lot of fun with all of the prohibition photographs and other fun decor. The food and drinks were all pretty good but the one thing that would make me not come back to this restaurant are the overly high chairs and tables. My entire party had to literally climb up into the chairs and then you feel like you are jumping down when you had to get out of the chair. At one point one person in our party went to the restroom and came back and stood the rest of the time because they said it was too hard to get back into the high chair. These were handmade and the person who made them neglected to use proper height measurements for high top tables and chairs. They are a safety hazzard.
449	adjudicated	3	Stopped in here for dessert tonight after reading great reviews. I would have given it 4 stars except our experience dropped a star off.  We arrived just after 9pm and closing time is 11pm so plenty of time remaining open. The only thing was that the staff were already packing up and cleaning floors, equipment ect...  I queried closing time as thought maybe times wrong online but he said no it's 11pm!  I just found it uncomfortable sitting and eating whilst they clean and pack up although have 2 hours work remaining!?!  Saying all that the ice cream was really good and a great range of flavours. The ice cream was tasty and generous servings were good although at nearly $5 for 2 scoops it's a little bit expensive.
450	adjudicated	2	Walk around inside and soak up the history. Talk to the guy selling shirts outside, he has some amazing stories to tell. They love jazz there and you can see it in their eyes.   People who don't even like jazz walk away after spending some time there and talk about the fun and newfound appreciation for this American creation.   Wear loose clothing in the summer and try to ignore just how BAD everything around the area smells. It's worth it.
451	adjudicated	2	Drexel/Penn student joint. Good for a quick swing in for take-out or a buffet plate. Nothing to write home about. Reasonable prices and quality.
452	adjudicated	2	We did enjoy the food here.  I had a shrimp Po' Boy and it was very good.  The portions are a little small.  The really bad thing was that is was their crawfish boil day so most of the things on the menu weren't available to order.  I guess this is because of the crawfish boil.  The Mom of the place was pretty rude and opinionated.  The son, however, was a charming guy.  He was very nice and gave us some of the potatoes and other items to try from the crawfish boil.  We will go back sometime, I am sure.
453	adjudicated	3	First, location...if you are staying near the French quarter, this place is a little bit of a hike but for a calmer night in New Orleans, this is a great spot.  The crowd is mainly 30+ year olds that appreciate great wine, cheese and jazz.   The layout is a but odd though. You walk through a wine shop and can buy your own bottles and cheese. You choose your sizes and cheese types from their fridge.  Then you go into a cool backyard patio area where there is a live band and pick a seat. For food, there is a small window to order from which is CASH ONLY.  The food is ok. It's not the best of NOLA but it is tasty.  The portion sizes are very good for the price.  I'd definitely come back for ambiance, wine and cheese but maybe not a full meal.
454	adjudicated	4	It was a pretty cute little restaurant; the atmosphere was definitely "neighborhood pub."  We had a very nice (very obviously not Ethiopian) waitress with multiple visible piercings.  She was (*gasp* ) very attentive for an Ethiopian restaurant waitress.  The service was not as good quick as the average non-Ethiopian restaurant, but it definitely blew all the Ethiopian restaurant services away with the speed!  Gee, I wonder if it could be because she's not Ethiopian?!?!?!  hahaha  However, she did mention that she grew up in West Philly eating Ethiopian food.  mmmm I'm jealous!    As is my custom, I went to use the bathroom and wash my hands before the meal.  Considering that Ethiopian food is eaten with one's hands, I would highly recommend this practice to all my friends .  There were two "stalls" in the bathroom.  Both stalls have saloon styled doors (2 halves swinging freely in the middled, hinged on either side).  The first one was lit, but the right half of the door was missing.  Given this, I opted for the second stall.  After stepping inside, I noticed a good 2 inches between the halves of the door.  Needless to say, I did my business in a hurry all the while praying that no one else would come in.  PLEASE LADIES, GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT.  It is a harrowing experience!  When the food came (sooner than expected), the portions were fairly generous.  When I bit into the injera at the Queen of Sheba, I was pleasantly surprised.  It was fairly sour!  It was not as sour as Abyssinia's injera, but definitely a few steps more sour than anywhere else I have tried up to date.  Now, I'm not saying ideal injera should be sour, but I like mine that way.   hahaha  Unfortunately parts of the injera were a little dried.  *sigh*   It's a toss up for me between dried injera versus more sour injera.     The dishes were all decent, but not amazing.  My companion liked the potatoes in the carrot, string bean, potato dish.  I thought their salad was fabulous - fresh and dressed perfectly.  I did not care for the raw onions, but have to admit the taste was a nice contrast to the other dishes.  Both lentil dishes were decent, as I have said before it is difficult for me to tell much of a difference in them.  However, my trusty sidekick noted that the lentils were more watery at Kaffa Crossing.  I know that 1 of the lentil dishes was too spicy for me, but I am a big, Big wuss when it comes to spices, so that is neither here nor there.   The lamb was a big disappointment, it was a little sour (bad?).  The collard greens were pretty standard, nothing amazing.
455	adjudicated	3	One word: MEH  Had dinner here Sunday Night...It's nice decoration and everything and the chef is funny but it's just for that money I've had more  delicious and entertaining hibachi. Good to go occasionally tho.
456	adjudicated	2	Completely UNDERWHELMED........ Love John Besh, but he wasn't fooling me--that was étouffée sauce on the shrimp and grits!  If I wanted étouffée, I would have order it. Food was okay, but VERY expensive.
457	adjudicated	1	Good food. Non dependable delivery service which sucks in a town with scarce parking. For that reason I go elsewhere.
458	adjudicated	1	This is a standard Best Buy.  The staff in the games section was helpful and amiable.  Other than that it is mediocre on every level.
459	adjudicated	3	The service was very good and our food came out pretty quickly. The food was just so-so though. My grain salad (Farro?) has crunchy bits like it was undercooked or left out to harden. My husband has the chicken and said it was dry. Honestly not a terrible meal, but at $17 a plate it was not worth the price.
460	adjudicated	1	Not bad with the crawfish dish. Really laid back during the day but after 6 forget me being there. U become a number
461	adjudicated	3	Very good sushi.  I would give this place more stars if the dining experience on a peak night was better.  It's a small restaurant so it's tight in there.  What bothers me is that the waitresses don't seem to have a problem bumping into you, or rubbing their asses on your chair consistently throughout the night just to walk by.  I gave the startled look many times and they didn't give a crap.  Happened many times.  Just unacceptable. The place is good though.
462	adjudicated	3	Beautiful shop; hands down one of the best ones I've ever seen. It's very modern and chic in a way. Love the creativity of the door handle being a rolling pin, the light fixtures as wire whip mixers, and incorporating the love sign into a beautiful center piece for the top back wall. Everything was very artsy and creative. I noticed the bright displays of cupcakes and assorted treats and most of all, the gorgeously decorated occasion cakes (HINT HINT: weddings are their specialty). They blew me away! It's like something you'd only see on TV!   We couldn't resist ordering their uniquely flavored cupcakes. Chocolate cake with raspberry icing and lavender something with pistachio icing. Plus, if you find a purple center in your cupcake, you can get another one for free. (Definitely NOT a marketing scheme, but I admire the game even though we're being played.)  To get to the point: the first thing I tried was the icing.. it was literally so hard I had to dig my teeth into it to get a bite. I feel like I would've like it if it was softer and more like icing? The chocolate cake was like any other. My fiancée's cupcake was strange!! The icing literally tasted like stale, natural butter (or maybe more closely similar to lard!? If you ever tasted lard, you'll know that distinct flavor it has.) The icing was also hard as a rock. However, the lavender mixed (don't know what with) cake wasn't half bad, though nothing stood out to me as special.  Iffy on whether or not we'll be back. I want to like this place, but that just might be the pastry enthusiast in me talking.
463	adjudicated	1	Incredible wine and booze selections. Clean and organized. Sadly the produce was terrible. Bad oranges and peaches in Florida??? That was disappointing.
464	adjudicated	1	Very overpriced for literally HALF a panini. Incredibly disappointed. Won't be back. Forty bucks for me and the kids and even the kids were still hungry.
465	adjudicated	2	Truly delicious and generously-sized burgers! The fries are superb-great pub food. The prices are a little steep. The service is fine. My go-to spot to dine and talk for hours and it's never been too busy where that would be an issue.
466	adjudicated	3	We stopped by here around 2:00 pm on Saturday and the place was hoppin!  We were promptly seated, so I had a few minutes to look over the place before we ordered the food.  Ambiance:  I have stated before in my reviews that I absolutely loathe it when restaurants rely on big screen TVs for entertaining.  They assume that the majority of people really give a crap about sports.  I don't and I find it really distracting.  The Cheese in Cheeseburger must really mean CHEEEESY DECOR.  Seriously, fake hula skirts on the wait staff?    FOOD:  I almost didn't want to come here because I remember people saying they charged you for soda refills.  We were not, so they must have changed their policy.  I had the pulled pork sliders.  The meat itself was pretty good, but I didn't like that the bottom of the sandwich was soggy because of the cole slaw.  We also ordered onion rings as an appetizer which were excellent.  Overall, I'm glad I came, but neither the food or ambiance did anything to scream "Come back, Allie!"
467	adjudicated	2	99% of the time I love Whole Foods. This week and last week, though, I am quite disappointed. We drive a distance to come to shop here so we always eat from the salad bar. Two weeks in a row, there is no vegan salad dressing available. They usually have 4 vegan options. Last week I didn't discover that they were out until after I had made my salad. When I asked about it, the gentleman said "we're out til Monday. " He didn't seem concerned or offer any alternatives so I gave him my salad and left.  This week, still no salad dressing, but I looked before I made my salad, and I purchased my own vegan dressing. Come on Whole Foods. Please don't disappoint me again.
468	adjudicated	2	Note: This is not a fast food place. Expect to wait about 15-20mins for a sandwich & fries. I had the turkey with avocado, etc & it was ok. Could have used more aioli, so it was a little dry since the bread is thick. The fries are the size of McDonald's & are garlicky. Wolfgang is a better choice health wise. However, was it worth the $11.99 + tax, not in my opinion but it is the airport. Idk what other places are around, but I'll explore more the next time.
469	adjudicated	2	Reasonably priced spot with good beer and food selection. I tried the PO Boy with sauté onions and red peppers - food was good and the fries were great (note don't use ketchup as they are tasty by itself).
470	adjudicated	3	It was ok. I wasn't all that into the buffet. The food was bland, however,  it was fresh. I loved the history photos on their walls and I love the tile designs on the ceiling. Food was just ok and bland my waitress was normal. Very small inside so grab your seats when you can.
471	adjudicated	3	I have been driving passed Fellini's on West Chester Pike for some time now. Today I decided that it was time to stop by and have lunch here. The lunch prices are great, most meals average around $10. They offer a good selection of choices for lunch... pasta dishes, antipasto, salads, pizzas, paninis etc. I opted for a Panini- the "El Patrizio". Which consisted of grilled chicken, portobello mushrooms, spinach and provolone. When I think of a panini, I picture a sandwich all melted together with grill marks on the sides of the bread. This was more of just a normal sandwich on nice thick bread. It also came with lettuce, tomato and onions on it, which I was not aware came with the panini. The sandwich tasted good, just not what I had expected. It came with a side salad (great honey mustard dressing) and homemade chips (favorite part of my meal).  I left full and satisfied. I felt that I definitely got my moneys worth out of this meal. I would return!
472	adjudicated	2	The food is pretty good and the service is very nice. However the entrees are very expensive.  $16.99 plus tax for an entree (chicken and rice with garlic bread) .   Its good just not worth it for me. I haven't tried the buffet so I may come back to try the buffet but not the entree.
473	adjudicated	1	I come here once in awhile to check out their clearance stuff in electronics.. and I did find a portable charger for my iphone 4 for only $22 !!  which was a deal considering that elseware it sells for $70!!
474	adjudicated	3	I really want to love this place, but they make it so hard. The past three times in a row I've been there, there has been some sort of ridiculous customer service issue that left me and whoever I was with super annoyed.  Starting with the good: the coffee is delicious. The assortment of baked goods is great...quiche is yummy, etc. I've always loved the space...good mixture of comfy couches and real seating where people can sit and work on laptops. Plenty of outdoor seating on nice days.  The prices are...steep. BUT I always feel good about supporting a local small business, so whatever. My real problem is the 'tude and just general lack of professionalism that I've seen from the baristas. They clearly know their coffee, and that's great, but here are some of the more ridiculous things that have happened to me there in the past month:  --purchased coffee with my mom and went to add our cream and sugar. My mom realized the half and half container was empty and gave the guy behind the counter a head's up. His answer: "Yeah, we're actually out of half and half." Everyone stared blankly at him, including the other people in line. Now mind you, it was before noon, not five minutes before they closed. No apology, no "I'm so sorry, we sent someone down the street to the 7-11 (literally down the street) to pick some up, they should be back any minute." That was it. The guy behind us asked, "is anyone going to get some more?" and the kid literally shrugged his shoulders and turned his back to us. Ummmmmm. As my mom said, when you charge people $8 for two coffees (one of which was just a drip coffee), I don't think it's too much to ask that you provide HALF AND HALF AT YOUR COFFEE SHOP.   --another time I was there, a friend asked for her coffee extra hot, and then when it arrived just warm, she asked if they could nuke it in the microwave for a minute. She was very nice about it. The girl behind the counter, on the other hand, felt it necessary to explain in a condescending tone for five minutes that they "actually can't put the coffee cups in the microwave" for some reason I now forget, and then reluctantly offered to add some hot water. Uhhhh. Homegirl. Could you maybe just take the coffee and solve the problem? Put it in a to go cup and microwave it? This doesn't seem like THAT hard of a problem to solve, nor can I imagine it's the first time someone has asked for their coffee extra hot. Again, everyone in line sort of looked at each other helplessly as this happened.   --this is a small thing, but they have multiple sizes for every drink on their board, but then half of them apparently only come in one size? I know it's a small issue, but you'd think it would occur to someone to change the menu so they don't have to keep telling people (last time I was there it happened to both me and the woman behind me).   Jersey Java owners, please give your baristas some basic lessons in customer service. Again, they know their coffee, and they're generally nice until there's ANY sort of minor hiccup, and then all basic common sense goes right out the window. Your coffee is too expensive for me to have some ordeal every time I go there. Oh, and buy more half and half.
475	adjudicated	2	It was ok....Did like the homemade potato chips. Had to wait 10 mins after asking for the check as the waitress was talking with other guess. But food was good.
476	adjudicated	2	The ambience and decor were nice. The nachos were good, along with a few choice options. However, do not order a cheeseburger. It is not only tiny, but it looks like something that was dropped off the back of a McDonald's truck as it was driving through a bad neighborhood. It was over cooked, dry, and just plain nasty. I was very disappointed to find such a flop in a restaurant that seems to be filled with blockbusters. The overall experience was fine, but that burger sure did ruin it.  The fries were another disappointment all their own.
477	adjudicated	3	stayed here two nights.  The hotels best attribute is the location. Close to historic sites, bars, restaurants.  Other than that, its a mediocre hotel at best. Not much decor, rooms are standard  size. The bed isnt too comfortable. Small bathroom.  We did hit up the pool which is on the 4th floor. Its a 4 foot pool decent enough to hang out and take a dip.  Essentially you will be paying for the location. Parking is 36 bucks a day so be warned!  Overall the stay was good. The front desk is helpful but the hotel rooms were definitely forgetable.
478	adjudicated	2	2nd time here on Saturday at 6. Reservations were for 615 seated at 7 PM. Hostess said 20 minute wait, significantly underestimated. Same thing happened first time around. Understaffed. Squeeze you in at each table.12 people at each table only room for nine. Not enough room for dishes and drinks. Food is good but everything else below acceptable.
479	adjudicated	2	Visited Richard's for brunch Saturday 2/18. Good service, but shockingly first bad meal we have had there, and we were long time frequent Cafe Vicino patrons before their move and rebranding. Potatoes that came with my eggs and bacon, and my wife's eggs and sausage we're OVERsalted to the point of being inedible. Toast was cold upon delivery. Hope this was a one-off.
480	adjudicated	4	Nice brunch spot located in Northern Liberties. Saw a segment of Diner's, Drive-Ins and Dives a couple years ago that highlighted HS&E, so this place has been on my radar for a quite a while. If you go on the weekend, expect a wait. I waited about 30 mins, which in the grand scene of things wasn't that bad. The place is small inside, but they do have outdoor seating. The food and service were good. I had the eggs benedict, which is really not a 'go to' for me, but I was feeling adventurous. The eggs benedict was good as was the 4th St. Corn. The service was good. I did have to remind my waiter a second time to bring me a lemonade, but it was pretty busy. I would return and try something else on the menu.
481	adjudicated	2	Pedicure here was excellent, no problem with the services offered. However, I walked in on a different day for a fill and the staff basically ignored me.  The guy actually seemed annoyed that I was there, told me to wait and then never got back to me. I sat there for at least 10 minutes without a word.  I left and won't be going back. I can get a good pedicure somewhere else with someone who actually values my business.
482	adjudicated	2	A local favorite. Worth trying at least once. The staff is usually pretty friendly. Be prepared to wait on a weekend.   The service is the best thing going. The food selection is pretty large. Diner food with a sprinkle of greek influence. I've found some of the food items to not be so fresh.  It seems like they must use lard or butter on everything because every time I left my stomach just felt extremely heavy for hours.  If you go, plan for a nap and tums after.
483	adjudicated	2	Dots Diner is like coming home.  Friendly and attentive staff along with very good Diner food.   I've had breakfast here several days while working and they have exceeded my expectations every day.  Whether your here on pleasure or work there is no better place to start your day than Dots Diner.   Truth in dining leads me to report a less than favorable experience after a string of very good ones.  This morning I arrived at 5:30 am as usual and to be honest it was not the same staff that I had seen for the previous two weeks.   After sitting in acknowledged for seven minutes I left and drove up the street where I had a fantastic experience.    It's good to be great but there is something to be said for consistency too.  I won't let one underwhelming experience get me too down on Dots.
484	adjudicated	2	It's OK, but as someone from Texas that knows her barbecue this will not be a place that I return to. It's pricey for what it is and it's just not that great. The service was really good and the drinks are pretty awesome. But if you're looking for authentic barbecue at average/market price, this isn't it. This is more of a barbecue style of their own and it's pricey. It has a cool location, and the service is friendly and prompt.
485	adjudicated	2	Slow...not as amazing the last few times I have been.  The tomatoes are still excellent, the fruit still the same, and the ideas still fresh.  But sometimes there are a stale lettuce pieces in the salad, and it can be like sit-down-and-read-a-book times. Still a great choice, but I think the sheer traffic from the groupon or whatever with one or two staff only can lead me to not be quite as delighted as before.  Still good as a local coffee place.
486	adjudicated	3	While I like that this HMV location sells vinyl, they do have it priced quite high.  I guess this is for the people who want to purchase LPs but only doing their shopping at the mall (vs. hitting the independents on Whyte) and don't mind paying a little more for their vinyl.   As for other items - CDs/DVDs/Books/BluRays -  if the item is on sale, then it is usually a good price, and most popular items are on sale.  Any item that is not on sale (the more unusual selections, or less popular items) is usually way overpriced.  Being the largest HMV in the city, the selection is pretty good, though I do find they still fall into that "stock only the GREATEST HITS or BEST OFs instead of back catalogue" mentality that all chains seem to buy into.  Staff is friendly and the lines are quick - this can be a pretty busy location - so if you need to buy from HMV, this is a good location.
487	adjudicated	1	Good customer service. Bill was very accommodative. They were able to replace my brake pads in about an hour and send me on my way.
488	adjudicated	1	Typical Mongolian style restaurant with lots of options and a fun twist on dining.
489	adjudicated	3	Care more about your customers. I went to fresh healthy cafe for a mid morning smoothly with my wife. There was no one in the restaurant when we got there. I ordered a smoothy and my wife ordered a latte and a parfait. The parfaits are premade and quite good. The latte came out just as she was finishing her parfait (5 minutes ish), I continued to wait at least a couple of more minutes for my smoothy. I could have made it faster at home. When I did get it, it was not worth the wait. There was far too much ice... They give you a wide slurpy straw to make up for the increased ice volume, it's just not the consistency I like and had very little flavour because if the high ice volume.  It's nice to see a healthy option place in my new neighbourhood, but I hope that they vastly improve their service and quality.
490	adjudicated	1	I have no idea what these people are talking about. This place is disgusting. I'm from San Antonio Texas, so I know what   Mexican food is supposed to taste like. I'm not expecting New Orleans to have outstanding Mexican food, but this place is completely gross. Eat at your own risk.
491	adjudicated	3	Look, I like the place and featured donuts did not disappoint.  But lets be honest with a line like that, how does a selfie happen?  Huh?  St. Louis?  Huh?  Strange Donuts?  I find that a little unusual and now my near perfect selfie-foursquare check in ratio has been irreconcilably tarnished so I'm taking a star off because selfie in the age of Mark Zuckerberg, in the age of Obama you're gonna have a shop too crowded to take a decent selfie?  PALEESE.  Also they have no paleo/gluten free options so another star off, I mean WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO FEED MY FOUR AND SIX YEAR OLD?!
492	adjudicated	0	Big ups to the girls who thought my puppy was so cute, they gave her free treats!
493	adjudicated	2	A pho place that checks all the boxes but doesnt have the best of anything.  We went to Lily's the day before, so I guess this review is a compare and contrast.  Decor is simple, white wall with 7 frames of challenge winners and 2 laggy TVs.  The service is fine, not as personal, but nothing really to complain.  The food was the biggest difference between the places.  The pho was plain, no complexity, almost like it came from a dry seasoning pack.  They also recommended the chicken vermicelli as one of their best -- it wasn't.  First off, they call it vermicelli but they used pho noodle instead?  What!!?? It was thick, heavy, and full the stomach quick --- everything a vermicelli not suppose to be.  Anyway, we left unsatisfied.
494	adjudicated	3	Stopped by for lunch with a group, so didn't get to experience the belly-dancers.  Most in the group ordered the gyros - wihch were decent.  Service was a little slow - possibly because of the large group size.  Good ambience, average to better food, slower service.
495	adjudicated	3	We have been on many cruises on other lines but, we wanted to take our Grandson on a nice trip and figured the Carnival Dream would be a good choice because of the Teen Club they offer. Booking the cruise was fairly easy. The embarkation and disembarkation went fairly well also. The cruise turned out fine for our Grandson but, there were a few things we didn't like. We knew this was going to be a younger crowd and the activities would be geared to that age group but, we were disappointed that there was not a little more available to the older folks as we noticed there were many families traveling with what looked to be older parents and grandparents. The food in the main dining rooms was fine and so was the Lido. The problem in the Lido was that they made you stand in line for everything and the lines were long and slow. The two pools were also very small for that size ship. So small that one could barely find a space to even stand in the water. The stateroom was very nice. It was a good size with a comfortable bed and a step in shower. The three ports were well chosen and there were more than adequate excursions to choose from. Overall, it was what we expected and our Grandson had a very good time which is what really matters.
496	adjudicated	3	If you want anything fresh, you gotta come here early, or else you're going to find yourself waiting for the pastries to bake or just have none at all.  I'm very bad with the names of pastries, but I can say that I definitely like the Guava turnover, bearclaw, almond croissant, and ham and cheese croissant.  I wish they had more savoury pastries, actually I wish they had more stuff in general and maybe sometimes change it up a bit.   I had in the past gotten used to a routine of getting up in the morning, grabbing a coffee and a pastry to eat before work. Later on in the day I would grab a loaf of bread that I would bring home to eat with dinner or as a snack for breakfast. I wish the bakery was open later, but unfortunately, none of the bakeries in New Orleans are open late, and by late, I mean past 1 or 2 pm.   That being said, the pastries and sweets are very good when they are fresh and I would give this place more stars if it wasn't for unpleasant experiences with some of the workers. I have been frequenting Maple Street Patisserie for over a year now and on several occasions I have been treated very rudely by the workers who are frequently impatient, even when there's no one else in the store, or they act angry as they take the pastry out of the window and shove it onto the plate.  At other times, the workers are actually pretty nice.  So please, if you're having a bad day, don't take it out on the customers.  If you want coffee, I would go across the street to Starbucks or down the road to PJ's, but if you don't mind average coffee then you can stick to the bakery.
497	adjudicated	2	So I walked up to the Cajun Grill while trying to grab something quick to go. This place reminded me of a place at the mall back home so I had an idea of the taste that would soon be tantalizing my tongue.  The price points were perfect and some locals who obviously frequent the restaurant in the food court kept singing CG's praises. Unbeknownst to them, I'd already been sold and was buying.  The bourbon chicken was extremely tasty and the portion sizes seemed like a lot when comparing to the typical amount of chicken and/or lamb over rice received at a normal NYC Halal stand.  I was definitely pleased with my purchase and had a difficult time trying to limit the amount of rice I ate. Yes I ended up eating it all, against my original intent. LOL
498	adjudicated	4	Been here a few times over the years, mainly when I'm at the hotel for an event. As far as hotel connected restaurants go, this place isn't too bad at all. They have a very nice setup, with sections far enough apart so that the restaurant isn't overly loud when the bar is busy. The staff are usually very friendly, and keep your drinks filled. The place has a great atmosphere and can be a good spot to catch a ball game. Some of there specials are tempting, especially when they have half priced starters.  The food here is about what you would expect. Efficient, hot, served quickly but nothing that will knock your socks off. I'd recommend the burgers and just about any of the fried dishes. Most of the starters are good, especially the wings. The BBQ is passable, but nothing to get excited for. Certainly aren't many good alternatives for BBQ in the area, so this place could definitely do the trick. Just please beware that if you're dining with a large party, your BBQ will likely be a bit on the dry side by the time it comes out, happened on multiple occasions. If you're there with just one or two other people, then you won't have to worry.  Bottom line is that if you're staying at the Holiday Inn that this is connected to, you can get a decent meal, some good drinks with a nice atmosphere. Good without being great, but never slid into bad territory. I'd probably lean closer to 3.5 Stars, but not higher than that.
499	adjudicated	3	Voted one of the most romantic restaurants in Santa Barbara. It could have been if it wasn't for a wedding reception when we went... There were kids running and place was very loud. Not the restaurant's fault, of course.  Food is just OK.. nothing spectacular.. I need a redo.