0	tinachen	4	Ok. I have had Persian food before as it is one of my favorite. So I was little disappointed with the food.  I had Chicken Koobideh. I had little chicken in it's taste and a lot of eggish taste. Koobideh is more like Keema chicken from my experience, with nice mix of onions, chilly, and seasoning.  So, on part of taste I rate it.  Apart that, uber interior, good service upper class experience.  Food portion is generous and good enough for 2 for one order.  Over all ok ok. I would liked if they had served hummus and pita bread in their welcome. Also server salad as their sides. Middle eastern food is said to have perfect-balance of carbs, protein and fiber but it was found missing to call it a Middle Eastern fine dinner.
0	yujunchen	4	Ok. I have had Persian food before as it is one of my favorite. So I was little disappointed with the food.  I had Chicken Koobideh. I had little chicken in it's taste and a lot of eggish taste. Koobideh is more like Keema chicken from my experience, with nice mix of onions, chilly, and seasoning.  So, on part of taste I rate it.  Apart that, uber interior, good service upper class experience.  Food portion is generous and good enough for 2 for one order.  Over all ok ok. I would liked if they had served hummus and pita bread in their welcome. Also server salad as their sides. Middle eastern food is said to have perfect-balance of carbs, protein and fiber but it was found missing to call it a Middle Eastern fine dinner.
1	tinachen	2	Ok beer. Ok food. We like breweries because we have a kid and like beer. So we go to a lot of breweries. The service was excellent. Food, beer, good
1	yujunchen	2	Ok beer. Ok food. We like breweries because we have a kid and like beer. So we go to a lot of breweries. The service was excellent. Food, beer, good
2	tinachen	1	The hubby and I started off with the supreme nacho and they were pretty yummy! Make sure to add the spicy beef! The husband ordered a 10" pizza with sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and ham and I ordered the burger with cheese, mayo, provolone cheese, and BBQ sauce. My husband gave the pizza a 7 out of 10 and my burger was just above average. It satisfied my burger craving so that's a plus!
2	yujunchen	2	The hubby and I started off with the supreme nacho and they were pretty yummy! Make sure to add the spicy beef! The husband ordered a 10" pizza with sausage, pepperoni, bacon, and ham and I ordered the burger with cheese, mayo, provolone cheese, and BBQ sauce. My husband gave the pizza a 7 out of 10 and my burger was just above average. It satisfied my burger craving so that's a plus!
3	tinachen	3	Food is awesome. I'm a vegan and love their menu options and details on vegan and vegetarian options. I gave them 3 stars because of their outrageously slow service. The owner walks around in the way not able to even answer the phone to take orders. I told the waitress he just needs to stay home observing him look totally oblivious to EVERYTHING. Servers are all nice and food is great. Come here only if you are patient.
3	yujunchen	4	Food is awesome. I'm a vegan and love their menu options and details on vegan and vegetarian options. I gave them 3 stars because of their outrageously slow service. The owner walks around in the way not able to even answer the phone to take orders. I told the waitress he just needs to stay home observing him look totally oblivious to EVERYTHING. Servers are all nice and food is great. Come here only if you are patient.
4	tinachen	2	Chicken was awesome! Loved the char and the garlic marinade. I can't say the same for the rest of the meal! Rice was cold but flavorful and probably would have tasted better if it was warm and dryer. The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful. I'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel. This was not even acceptable in my standards for America! Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken. Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at. Too much hype for just the experience.  PS: if you want real falafel and epic hummus, walk down the street to Mama's.
4	yujunchen	3	Chicken was awesome! Loved the char and the garlic marinade. I can't say the same for the rest of the meal! Rice was cold but flavorful and probably would have tasted better if it was warm and dryer. The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful. I'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel. This was not even acceptable in my standards for America! Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken. Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at. Too much hype for just the experience.  PS: if you want real falafel and epic hummus, walk down the street to Mama's.
5	tinachen	3	Full disclosure: I have no experience with their food (other than the free chips which, meh). The special place Cactus holds in my heart is for one thing: Margarita Mondays.  I walked in to Cactus this Monday with a friend from work, and the bartender had a pitcher of 'ritas going before we even sat down. Point to Cactus: The staff is on top of stuff for their regular customers.  The service can be a little slow at times, but once we get a table full of margarita pitchers life is beautiful. The 'ritas themselves aren't the most consistent (this week's were a little heavy on the juice) but for $10 I'm not complaining. And, to reply to one of the posts, they definitely don't skimp on the tequila. In fact, the bartender measures out the liquor for ever pitcher. Margaritas are pretty sweet so you can't taste it too much, and I'm sure it isn't quite as much as you'd get in a non-special, but believe me it's there.  My most serious gripe, actually, is the music. Don't know who puts the mixes on, but I protest. They actually played 'Closing Time' the other night - at 10:00, when people were still coming in. Way to send the wrong message.  It's not the best place around by any stretch, but if you ever need to unwind after a long Monday, you'll find me at Cactus.
5	yujunchen	3	Full disclosure: I have no experience with their food (other than the free chips which, meh). The special place Cactus holds in my heart is for one thing: Margarita Mondays.  I walked in to Cactus this Monday with a friend from work, and the bartender had a pitcher of 'ritas going before we even sat down. Point to Cactus: The staff is on top of stuff for their regular customers.  The service can be a little slow at times, but once we get a table full of margarita pitchers life is beautiful. The 'ritas themselves aren't the most consistent (this week's were a little heavy on the juice) but for $10 I'm not complaining. And, to reply to one of the posts, they definitely don't skimp on the tequila. In fact, the bartender measures out the liquor for ever pitcher. Margaritas are pretty sweet so you can't taste it too much, and I'm sure it isn't quite as much as you'd get in a non-special, but believe me it's there.  My most serious gripe, actually, is the music. Don't know who puts the mixes on, but I protest. They actually played 'Closing Time' the other night - at 10:00, when people were still coming in. Way to send the wrong message.  It's not the best place around by any stretch, but if you ever need to unwind after a long Monday, you'll find me at Cactus.
6	tinachen	2	Love this store especially with the nice selections they have. However, my review is for the shoe section. I went in to try on different flats and i'm normally a 7-7.5 in women's but i have wide feet so i had to keep asking the sales associate for different sizes and she was really rude and gave me attitude. I was not pleased with her attitude and ended up walking out of the store. Maybe she was having a bad day or maybe that's her personality but i sure did not feel welcomed by her.
6	yujunchen	1	Love this store especially with the nice selections they have. However, my review is for the shoe section. I went in to try on different flats and i'm normally a 7-7.5 in women's but i have wide feet so i had to keep asking the sales associate for different sizes and she was really rude and gave me attitude. I was not pleased with her attitude and ended up walking out of the store. Maybe she was having a bad day or maybe that's her personality but i sure did not feel welcomed by her.
7	tinachen	2	Neighborhood bar, with lots of seating. They have patio seating in the summer. Can't complain about anything here; cold beer and quick service.. what more could you want?
7	yujunchen	2	Neighborhood bar, with lots of seating. They have patio seating in the summer. Can't complain about anything here; cold beer and quick service.. what more could you want?
8	tinachen	1	I really wanted to like Milk and Honey, but we had a pretty average meal here. My streak was over cooked, and tough to chew. Other meals were nothing to write home about. They were also out of some of the whiskey's on the menu and dessert items.  In a city with so many great options, won't be back.
8	yujunchen	1	I really wanted to like Milk and Honey, but we had a pretty average meal here. My streak was over cooked, and tough to chew. Other meals were nothing to write home about. They were also out of some of the whiskey's on the menu and dessert items.  In a city with so many great options, won't be back.
9	tinachen	3	I have now tried this salon three times.  The first visit was on Mother's day.  Even though it was pretty crowded they moved through the waist list quickly.  I was a little surprised to be offered a drink, but quickly noticed that this must be a big selling point for them as most women were sipping on adult beverages.  I declined refreshments and was promptly handed info on more expensive options for my pedi.  Unlike other places in other states I had gone they did not do the massage of my calves with lotion or use the hot towel on my legs.  As soon as you go to the dry station they hound you for immidate payment.  The last time I went was the last straw.  They are already $5 more than the other salons for a basic pedi, but apparently I chose a color of polish that costs $5 more than the others making my 20 minute pedi $30 before tip.  The polish was not smooth started chipping in 2 days.  I will not return.
9	yujunchen	4	I have now tried this salon three times.  The first visit was on Mother's day.  Even though it was pretty crowded they moved through the waist list quickly.  I was a little surprised to be offered a drink, but quickly noticed that this must be a big selling point for them as most women were sipping on adult beverages.  I declined refreshments and was promptly handed info on more expensive options for my pedi.  Unlike other places in other states I had gone they did not do the massage of my calves with lotion or use the hot towel on my legs.  As soon as you go to the dry station they hound you for immidate payment.  The last time I went was the last straw.  They are already $5 more than the other salons for a basic pedi, but apparently I chose a color of polish that costs $5 more than the others making my 20 minute pedi $30 before tip.  The polish was not smooth started chipping in 2 days.  I will not return.
10	tinachen	2	this place is solid.  the fleur de liis omelette makes my day.  I can also get a mocha, and kick back.  I recently took a friend here, and she thought it was slow, but hell..... she's not from the big easy... slow down is the key to enjoying life.  huge portions, and brightly lit, fast paced, slow moving, but good solid breakfast.
10	yujunchen	2	this place is solid.  the fleur de liis omelette makes my day.  I can also get a mocha, and kick back.  I recently took a friend here, and she thought it was slow, but hell..... she's not from the big easy... slow down is the key to enjoying life.  huge portions, and brightly lit, fast paced, slow moving, but good solid breakfast.
11	tinachen	2	Servers were attentive but pizza took over 30 minutes, and that seemed to be the average for any order. Volcano Buffalo Pizza was pretty tasty. Celery on a pizza, who knew?!?!
11	yujunchen	3	Servers were attentive but pizza took over 30 minutes, and that seemed to be the average for any order. Volcano Buffalo Pizza was pretty tasty. Celery on a pizza, who knew?!?!
12	tinachen	2	I know I know, silly as it seems, I have not had the pizza here!  but I did get a tortilla soup and 1/2 a Mediterranean salad.  The soup was really yummy with a sprinkle of cilantro and avocado on top.    the salad was more "eh", I think the dressing that comes with it is too salty.    But I am looking to go back for the pizza!  Hopefully they can make a cheese-less one!
12	yujunchen	2	I know I know, silly as it seems, I have not had the pizza here!  but I did get a tortilla soup and 1/2 a Mediterranean salad.  The soup was really yummy with a sprinkle of cilantro and avocado on top.    the salad was more "eh", I think the dressing that comes with it is too salty.    But I am looking to go back for the pizza!  Hopefully they can make a cheese-less one!
13	tinachen	2	This is a pretty fun indie American food place. We tried a bunch of their wings. Some were very good and others were interesting. My lips are still chapped from the four alarm wings, the PBJ wings were interesting to try, and I liked the signature Scooter wings named for the place's gator mascot. Boon hangs out here all the time you will probably run into him if you stop by. Otherwise it's pretty fun.
13	yujunchen	4	This is a pretty fun indie American food place. We tried a bunch of their wings. Some were very good and others were interesting. My lips are still chapped from the four alarm wings, the PBJ wings were interesting to try, and I liked the signature Scooter wings named for the place's gator mascot. Boon hangs out here all the time you will probably run into him if you stop by. Otherwise it's pretty fun.
14	tinachen	2	It's a crazy place with surprisingly good service, decent food, and the weirdo clientele you would expect in this area. I'm really enjoying this little family reunion with the deadbeat drunk father Oj and the crazy white guy in the corner and his random outbursts.
14	yujunchen	2	It's a crazy place with surprisingly good service, decent food, and the weirdo clientele you would expect in this area. I'm really enjoying this little family reunion with the deadbeat drunk father Oj and the crazy white guy in the corner and his random outbursts.
15	tinachen	2	Didn't care for this place. We shared the big easy breakfast and it was okay. The food was barely warm, and the whole meal was eh except for the pancakes. The pancakes were good, would've tasted better if they were warmer.  The hot chocolate was good, thick chocolate, and it came in a to-go cup which was convenient. The service was also good. We arrived on a Friday morning around 8:15 am and there was no wait, but it was starting to fill up. By the time we left there were a few people waiting outside.
15	yujunchen	2	Didn't care for this place. We shared the big easy breakfast and it was okay. The food was barely warm, and the whole meal was eh except for the pancakes. The pancakes were good, would've tasted better if they were warmer.  The hot chocolate was good, thick chocolate, and it came in a to-go cup which was convenient. The service was also good. We arrived on a Friday morning around 8:15 am and there was no wait, but it was starting to fill up. By the time we left there were a few people waiting outside.
16	tinachen	2	In Brentwood for work this week and I came here based on the previews. The food is good but that's all, good. Nor great... mediocre beef burrito bowl. Place and process similar to a Chipotle but my vote would go to Chipotle.
16	yujunchen	3	In Brentwood for work this week and I came here based on the previews. The food is good but that's all, good. Nor great... mediocre beef burrito bowl. Place and process similar to a Chipotle but my vote would go to Chipotle.
17	tinachen	2	Malaysian cuisine isn't something I'm very experienced in.  Nice, clean atmosphere with good service and what's here isn't bad at all.  A little too strongly salted for my tastes, but perhaps that's just the way it is?  Way too much sodium for me, but perhaps I can ask them to go light on the salt next time.  The oyster omelet was a little too greasy as well.  Extensive menu and vegetarian friendly.  Everyone can probably find something they like here.
17	yujunchen	2	Malaysian cuisine isn't something I'm very experienced in.  Nice, clean atmosphere with good service and what's here isn't bad at all.  A little too strongly salted for my tastes, but perhaps that's just the way it is?  Way too much sodium for me, but perhaps I can ask them to go light on the salt next time.  The oyster omelet was a little too greasy as well.  Extensive menu and vegetarian friendly.  Everyone can probably find something they like here.
18	tinachen	2	If you're in the Warehouse District anyway (perhaps you're on your way to Cochon, which would be wise of you), not a bad spot to visit. If you're in the mood for an expensive novelty cocktail, which will undoubtedly be strong, bright, and maybe include a prop such as a plastic shark, holy moly are you in the right place.
18	yujunchen	4	If you're in the Warehouse District anyway (perhaps you're on your way to Cochon, which would be wise of you), not a bad spot to visit. If you're in the mood for an expensive novelty cocktail, which will undoubtedly be strong, bright, and maybe include a prop such as a plastic shark, holy moly are you in the right place.
19	tinachen	2	Super sweetheart of a lady working there (along with the rest of them old gals) that even had the back take the time to remove fruits from the fruit medley that i didnt like. Had a quick to go order that hit the spot. Not my cup of tea design-wise, but i'm sure it handles what it handles. Very at-home feel.
19	yujunchen	3	Super sweetheart of a lady working there (along with the rest of them old gals) that even had the back take the time to remove fruits from the fruit medley that i didnt like. Had a quick to go order that hit the spot. Not my cup of tea design-wise, but i'm sure it handles what it handles. Very at-home feel.
20	tinachen	0	Decent beer selection... that's all I was looking for.  Other than that I try to avoid Mobil's.  QT is more my style.
20	yujunchen	2	Decent beer selection... that's all I was looking for.  Other than that I try to avoid Mobil's.  QT is more my style.
21	tinachen	2	Let's talk about first impressions. Made a reservation for 9:00PM, didn't get seated until almost 9:30. But at least we worked up an appetite, right?  Ordered the Lobster Risotto w/ shrimp and lobster. There was about 3 pieces of lobster total in the dish, but the taste was well rounded and creamy. It was filling, adequately satisfying and nothing special.  What saved this from being a 2-star review was the fact that I tried my friend's Straw and Hay, which was stellar. The toasted ravioli is also one-of-a-kind: not a cheese bomb like other places and extremely balanced in taste. They weren't stingy with the filling, either. I'd probably have to come back and try other dishes, but all in all, I was salty about the waiting time.
21	yujunchen	2	Let's talk about first impressions. Made a reservation for 9:00PM, didn't get seated until almost 9:30. But at least we worked up an appetite, right?  Ordered the Lobster Risotto w/ shrimp and lobster. There was about 3 pieces of lobster total in the dish, but the taste was well rounded and creamy. It was filling, adequately satisfying and nothing special.  What saved this from being a 2-star review was the fact that I tried my friend's Straw and Hay, which was stellar. The toasted ravioli is also one-of-a-kind: not a cheese bomb like other places and extremely balanced in taste. They weren't stingy with the filling, either. I'd probably have to come back and try other dishes, but all in all, I was salty about the waiting time.
22	tinachen	3	Definitely gone downhill. It's still an ok buffet, but nothing special. I used to love the Mongolian grill, where they would cook to order. You would select chicken/beef/pork with various vegetables, sauces, and it would come out hot. It was healthy, fresh,and delicious.   They no longer have the Mongolian grill at the buffet. None of the Reno buffets come close to the ones in Las Vegas, but for the $, this one is still ok. Just not worth going out of your way for anymore.   If they bring back the grill, my rating wlll increase to 4 starts for sure.
22	yujunchen	4	Definitely gone downhill. It's still an ok buffet, but nothing special. I used to love the Mongolian grill, where they would cook to order. You would select chicken/beef/pork with various vegetables, sauces, and it would come out hot. It was healthy, fresh,and delicious.   They no longer have the Mongolian grill at the buffet. None of the Reno buffets come close to the ones in Las Vegas, but for the $, this one is still ok. Just not worth going out of your way for anymore.   If they bring back the grill, my rating wlll increase to 4 starts for sure.
23	tinachen	3	I think Dawn Patrol could become 4 stars but not just yet for me. I like the idea of make your own hash but the components need work. The corned beef was soggy when it should have been crispy. The over easy eggs were closer to medium. The potatoes, spinach and mushrooms were fine as was the cheddar. The accompanying salad was not as fresh as it could have been. Lastly for $13 in a casual order at the counter place, the portions were small.  The space itself is wonderful with a number of seating options indoors and out. Everything is neat and attractive and well laid out.   Service is pleasant and competent.  Parking across the street in city lot.
23	yujunchen	1	I think Dawn Patrol could become 4 stars but not just yet for me. I like the idea of make your own hash but the components need work. The corned beef was soggy when it should have been crispy. The over easy eggs were closer to medium. The potatoes, spinach and mushrooms were fine as was the cheddar. The accompanying salad was not as fresh as it could have been. Lastly for $13 in a casual order at the counter place, the portions were small.  The space itself is wonderful with a number of seating options indoors and out. Everything is neat and attractive and well laid out.   Service is pleasant and competent.  Parking across the street in city lot.
24	tinachen	2	The beer is great and so is the atmosphere. The service leaves something to be desired. My husband ordered a beer and got it. He ordered a 2nd and did not ever get it from the server. It was a big group of people but still. At the end of the night the server is settling up and says you had 2 right, and he said he never received the 2nd. She said something about being out the money so he said fine just charge me. When she came back with the bill he signed and then realized she had actually charged him for 4 beers. He was trying to be nice so she wouldn't be in trouble and it backfired.
24	yujunchen	2	The beer is great and so is the atmosphere. The service leaves something to be desired. My husband ordered a beer and got it. He ordered a 2nd and did not ever get it from the server. It was a big group of people but still. At the end of the night the server is settling up and says you had 2 right, and he said he never received the 2nd. She said something about being out the money so he said fine just charge me. When she came back with the bill he signed and then realized she had actually charged him for 4 beers. He was trying to be nice so she wouldn't be in trouble and it backfired.
25	tinachen	2	Although the chicken is always very good, there was a "sulky" male employee on Sunday, Jan 1 with a puss-face putting my package together 16 pc grilled chicken meal.  Out in the open he was complaining about work.  Honestly, if he doesn't like working there or the pay, the manager should allow him to make a decision, change his attitude or leave.  This doesn't leave customers with a positive feeling about the place, especially when he didn't load all that was supposed to be in my order.  Where's the rolls/biscuits?  Pay attention, it doesn't cost anything.
25	yujunchen	2	Although the chicken is always very good, there was a "sulky" male employee on Sunday, Jan 1 with a puss-face putting my package together 16 pc grilled chicken meal.  Out in the open he was complaining about work.  Honestly, if he doesn't like working there or the pay, the manager should allow him to make a decision, change his attitude or leave.  This doesn't leave customers with a positive feeling about the place, especially when he didn't load all that was supposed to be in my order.  Where's the rolls/biscuits?  Pay attention, it doesn't cost anything.
26	tinachen	2	Starbucks...so aren't they all just clones?  a review would be futile if you've already visited one before.  Coffee is ...OK.  It's more like coffee flavored water to me, but does the trick when called upon.  I much prefer some home brewed New Orleans style coffee & chicory.  Chicory makes the coffee... Starbuckathons have no clue what real coffee is like.
26	yujunchen	3	Starbucks...so aren't they all just clones?  a review would be futile if you've already visited one before.  Coffee is ...OK.  It's more like coffee flavored water to me, but does the trick when called upon.  I much prefer some home brewed New Orleans style coffee & chicory.  Chicory makes the coffee... Starbuckathons have no clue what real coffee is like.
27	tinachen	2	Their pizza was ok, I think they need to cook the pizzas alittle more and have more tastier cheese. They do have a large delivery area in southern Tampa, as well as Ybor.
27	yujunchen	2	Their pizza was ok, I think they need to cook the pizzas alittle more and have more tastier cheese. They do have a large delivery area in southern Tampa, as well as Ybor.
28	tinachen	2	Great atmosphere, above average burgers, but super cool drink selection - both alcoholic and non alcoholic.  They have pretty much every kind of soda style you can think of and some really tasty "spiked" shakes.  Definitely a fun place to be at no matter what you're feeling.
28	yujunchen	2	Great atmosphere, above average burgers, but super cool drink selection - both alcoholic and non alcoholic.  They have pretty much every kind of soda style you can think of and some really tasty "spiked" shakes.  Definitely a fun place to be at no matter what you're feeling.
29	tinachen	2	Visited last night with a group of six. Ambiance and service was excellent, they've done a great job with the space. The salsa and table side guacamole are very good. However the three stars are attributed to less than spectacular entrees that are slightly over priced (for Mexican food) and everyone in our group had drinks that were all consistently weak (i.e. tasted like less than an ounce of alcohol). I would give 3.5 stars if possible, but I see this as a second or third option in the Tampa area for Mexican cuisine.
29	yujunchen	3	Visited last night with a group of six. Ambiance and service was excellent, they've done a great job with the space. The salsa and table side guacamole are very good. However the three stars are attributed to less than spectacular entrees that are slightly over priced (for Mexican food) and everyone in our group had drinks that were all consistently weak (i.e. tasted like less than an ounce of alcohol). I would give 3.5 stars if possible, but I see this as a second or third option in the Tampa area for Mexican cuisine.
30	tinachen	2	This place is a bit OTT (over the top) with some of their decor stuff, but maybe this is what life in a Carmel mansion in is all about. There are some fun items, but mostly really large, for some MTV Cribs show space. I liked a few of the chandeliers--it sorta feels like they are copying Restoration Hardware and a couple other places--can't quite put my finger on it. They have big animal statues, bed stuff, shelves, tables, some cool lights, and just lots of really odd exaggerated-size things. It's worth a wander around, but I'm not the target market.
30	yujunchen	2	This place is a bit OTT (over the top) with some of their decor stuff, but maybe this is what life in a Carmel mansion in is all about. There are some fun items, but mostly really large, for some MTV Cribs show space. I liked a few of the chandeliers--it sorta feels like they are copying Restoration Hardware and a couple other places--can't quite put my finger on it. They have big animal statues, bed stuff, shelves, tables, some cool lights, and just lots of really odd exaggerated-size things. It's worth a wander around, but I'm not the target market.
31	tinachen	3	I have a few issues with this place regarding the quality of food for the high price. I would/should be giving it 2 stars based on the food alone, however, the service was so good to warrant a full star on that alone- & I evaluate a place based not only on the food but on the entire experience. So, the food: if you have it on the menu, you better have it in the kitchen. They were missing a few things which was very disapponting. We shared the scallops which were the best part of the meal- but for $3.33/scallop it better be good. I settled for the salman which was nothing special (salmon is usually a fail safe for me, I always get it if nothing else jumps out at me on the menu- so I've had a lot of salmon throughtout my life.) It was accompanied by heavily peppered carrots & green beans and a "root puree" which was just a fancy way of saying mashed potatoes.... which was a tease because I was expecting sweet potato, parsnips or SOMETHING better than a root vegetable I am already fully aware of. Drinks were decent: my bf had a bourbon/cherry martini & I had my favorite- a dry, dirty grey goose martini. Hard to mess those up , though. Desserts were a puffed pastry that lacked any real flavor & a coconut creme brulee that was actually quite good- but just like a baked potato- is pretty hard to mess up. Like I said before- the one waitress that was manning the entire floor & bar did an exceptional job. She was friendly, thorough & attentive- she deserves a shout out.
31	yujunchen	3	I have a few issues with this place regarding the quality of food for the high price. I would/should be giving it 2 stars based on the food alone, however, the service was so good to warrant a full star on that alone- & I evaluate a place based not only on the food but on the entire experience. So, the food: if you have it on the menu, you better have it in the kitchen. They were missing a few things which was very disapponting. We shared the scallops which were the best part of the meal- but for $3.33/scallop it better be good. I settled for the salman which was nothing special (salmon is usually a fail safe for me, I always get it if nothing else jumps out at me on the menu- so I've had a lot of salmon throughtout my life.) It was accompanied by heavily peppered carrots & green beans and a "root puree" which was just a fancy way of saying mashed potatoes.... which was a tease because I was expecting sweet potato, parsnips or SOMETHING better than a root vegetable I am already fully aware of. Drinks were decent: my bf had a bourbon/cherry martini & I had my favorite- a dry, dirty grey goose martini. Hard to mess those up , though. Desserts were a puffed pastry that lacked any real flavor & a coconut creme brulee that was actually quite good- but just like a baked potato- is pretty hard to mess up. Like I said before- the one waitress that was manning the entire floor & bar did an exceptional job. She was friendly, thorough & attentive- she deserves a shout out.
32	tinachen	3	This hotel is beautiful on the inside, but not worth the price. I checked in only to have a dirty room. The sheets had something that looked like blood on them and the bathroom floor was extremely dirty. Not to mention there was left over trash on the desk. But I called the front desk and they gave me a different room and free breakfast which was good. Although the second room was clean, we had marijuana smoke seeping into our room from the vents. If I wanted to smell marijuana I would've checked into a motel. Therefore, for the amount I paid for the room, I expected the room to be emaculate and the environment to be a little more family friendly.
32	yujunchen	3	This hotel is beautiful on the inside, but not worth the price. I checked in only to have a dirty room. The sheets had something that looked like blood on them and the bathroom floor was extremely dirty. Not to mention there was left over trash on the desk. But I called the front desk and they gave me a different room and free breakfast which was good. Although the second room was clean, we had marijuana smoke seeping into our room from the vents. If I wanted to smell marijuana I would've checked into a motel. Therefore, for the amount I paid for the room, I expected the room to be emaculate and the environment to be a little more family friendly.
33	tinachen	3	This place was ok. The parking is free which is honestly unheard of in this area so that was good. Couple things that weren't good were that I reserved a concierge level room and when I got there was told there weren't any available but I got concierge access with a normal room. Interesting though as several folks checked in after me and got rooms on that level. I did check out the concierge lounge and it was TINY, i mean like closet sized so not sure it's worth it to pay more for that anyway. Also my keys didn't work to come from parking the car to the hotel so I had to walk down 3 ramps to go to the main entrance... when i told the front desk she was like ok and that was it. Wifi was good but I'll definitely stick with Marriott.
33	yujunchen	4	This place was ok. The parking is free which is honestly unheard of in this area so that was good. Couple things that weren't good were that I reserved a concierge level room and when I got there was told there weren't any available but I got concierge access with a normal room. Interesting though as several folks checked in after me and got rooms on that level. I did check out the concierge lounge and it was TINY, i mean like closet sized so not sure it's worth it to pay more for that anyway. Also my keys didn't work to come from parking the car to the hotel so I had to walk down 3 ramps to go to the main entrance... when i told the front desk she was like ok and that was it. Wifi was good but I'll definitely stick with Marriott.
34	tinachen	2	The location is cute and they were super quick with having my food ready. I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich and it tasted like a french bread pizza, so that's not great. They really missed the mark with that one. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat Cafe Roma, is what I'm saying.
34	yujunchen	2	The location is cute and they were super quick with having my food ready. I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich and it tasted like a french bread pizza, so that's not great. They really missed the mark with that one. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat Cafe Roma, is what I'm saying.
35	tinachen	2	I went here based off of reviews... the place was not bad- but I went in expecting more. I think a 3 star review is appropriate based off of the meal I had... which was a skillet so potatoes, sausage , eggs, tomatoes, cheese with a muffin and a side of grits...pretty simple--  so maybe the other reviews were based off of specialties...
35	yujunchen	1	I went here based off of reviews... the place was not bad- but I went in expecting more. I think a 3 star review is appropriate based off of the meal I had... which was a skillet so potatoes, sausage , eggs, tomatoes, cheese with a muffin and a side of grits...pretty simple--  so maybe the other reviews were based off of specialties...
36	tinachen	3	If I were writing this based on my dinner experience, it'd be 4 stars, but we went back for brunch the next day.  Dinner: GREAT happy hour, we had 3 dozen oysters. The place was clean, efficient, and really good. Shawn (female) was on the ball! Pros: Happy hour drink prices. Oysters were divine (I had the P&J) Cons: I ordered the express, which was rabbit sausage with mustard sauce and noodles...mediocre at best.  Breakfast: Service was slow as Hell compared to the night. Everyone around us was getting agitated Pros: Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it. Cons: Menu was tiny, a mimosa special would help this place out.
36	yujunchen	3	If I were writing this based on my dinner experience, it'd be 4 stars, but we went back for brunch the next day.  Dinner: GREAT happy hour, we had 3 dozen oysters. The place was clean, efficient, and really good. Shawn (female) was on the ball! Pros: Happy hour drink prices. Oysters were divine (I had the P&J) Cons: I ordered the express, which was rabbit sausage with mustard sauce and noodles...mediocre at best.  Breakfast: Service was slow as Hell compared to the night. Everyone around us was getting agitated Pros: Eggs in a jar was so unique I actually took a photo of it. Cons: Menu was tiny, a mimosa special would help this place out.
37	tinachen	1	This place was good food, overpriced for the type of service you get and it was hot inside the restaurant
37	yujunchen	2	This place was good food, overpriced for the type of service you get and it was hot inside the restaurant
38	tinachen	1	Caln pizza is better, this joints ok for pizza I do wonder if they make up for there mediocracy with hogies. Great selection of beer to-go.
38	yujunchen	1	Caln pizza is better, this joints ok for pizza I do wonder if they make up for there mediocracy with hogies. Great selection of beer to-go.
39	tinachen	1	Looking at all good reviews i ordered baja fish taco.. Was bland but liked the shrimp tacos :)
39	yujunchen	2	Looking at all good reviews i ordered baja fish taco.. Was bland but liked the shrimp tacos :)
40	tinachen	1	The tour is nice however the guide did not talk much. When he did, it was not loud enough. The price for this tour is just too much.
40	yujunchen	1	The tour is nice however the guide did not talk much. When he did, it was not loud enough. The price for this tour is just too much.
41	tinachen	2	Good place to go for random books. However, every single book I wanted was new and full price even though they looked used. I am all for used books BUT at a used price!   The past three visits however, I failed to find any of the books on my list. The staff was very helpful.
41	yujunchen	2	Good place to go for random books. However, every single book I wanted was new and full price even though they looked used. I am all for used books BUT at a used price!   The past three visits however, I failed to find any of the books on my list. The staff was very helpful.
42	tinachen	1	I love this place!!! Great selection of beer on tap that always changes and perfect pub food. It's my go-to for Sunday nite dinner or Sat. lunch.
42	yujunchen	2	I love this place!!! Great selection of beer on tap that always changes and perfect pub food. It's my go-to for Sunday nite dinner or Sat. lunch.
43	tinachen	2	We were visiting Nashville for business and everyone raved about this place so we had to try it. This is an average BBQ joint. The service and food were good but nothing like the hype.
43	yujunchen	2	We were visiting Nashville for business and everyone raved about this place so we had to try it. This is an average BBQ joint. The service and food were good but nothing like the hype.
44	tinachen	2	It was good, not great. Good location. Receptionist was very helpful but the hotel didn't have a toothbrush in stock.
44	yujunchen	3	It was good, not great. Good location. Receptionist was very helpful but the hotel didn't have a toothbrush in stock.
45	tinachen	2	Booked a 1 King Bed Executive on the 24th floor and the view of the city from that high above was amazing. However, I had a couple of problems with the professionalism of the staff which is why I rated three stars instead of five. I can't help but make this personal and say that I wasn't treated with equal warmness and courtesy because of my appearance. Coming from a red eye flight, I arrived at the hotel with sweatpants and frazzled hair. I do have tattoos and I'm in my early twenties so I felt like the staff regarded me as not as significant as the other guests. I had a couple of rude stares initially and when I visited the executive lounge (which requires a key) for some breakfast I received an almost, "Who let you in?" look from the woman serving breakfast. With that said, the room service operator seemed quite irritated whenever she took my orders but the actual room service deliverers were quite friendly, so I made sure to tip them well. Food and beverage could do some work, it's the not the worst but definitely not the best, especially for the price. I had free wi-fi with my stay, so that was very nice and convenient. Overall, I would stay again at the DoubleTree in Center City just because my stay wasn't awful but the staff definitely needs to brush up on their services techniques and courtesies. Just because someone is young and underdressed and has tattoos does not make them less worthy of respect. My money is as good as anyone else's.
45	yujunchen	2	Booked a 1 King Bed Executive on the 24th floor and the view of the city from that high above was amazing. However, I had a couple of problems with the professionalism of the staff which is why I rated three stars instead of five. I can't help but make this personal and say that I wasn't treated with equal warmness and courtesy because of my appearance. Coming from a red eye flight, I arrived at the hotel with sweatpants and frazzled hair. I do have tattoos and I'm in my early twenties so I felt like the staff regarded me as not as significant as the other guests. I had a couple of rude stares initially and when I visited the executive lounge (which requires a key) for some breakfast I received an almost, "Who let you in?" look from the woman serving breakfast. With that said, the room service operator seemed quite irritated whenever she took my orders but the actual room service deliverers were quite friendly, so I made sure to tip them well. Food and beverage could do some work, it's the not the worst but definitely not the best, especially for the price. I had free wi-fi with my stay, so that was very nice and convenient. Overall, I would stay again at the DoubleTree in Center City just because my stay wasn't awful but the staff definitely needs to brush up on their services techniques and courtesies. Just because someone is young and underdressed and has tattoos does not make them less worthy of respect. My money is as good as anyone else's.
46	tinachen	1	Good downtown breakfast stop. Great service, food wasn't exactly perfect, but I tend to be hard to please in these regards. I hear lunch is really good also.
46	yujunchen	3	Good downtown breakfast stop. Great service, food wasn't exactly perfect, but I tend to be hard to please in these regards. I hear lunch is really good also.
47	tinachen	3	Saw all the negative reviews and was a bit worried.  Place is still fairly new and working through some growing pains.  Staff is still learning and I think they are cycling through a bunch of kids in training.    Pizza was ok but kind of high priced for what I got.   They had a slice and beer special so I didn't have to get a whole pie.  I had a slice of meat lovers and pepperoni.  I think their sauce overpowers the taste of the toppings and cheese - could barely taste the pepperoni.  Light sauce would be my recommendation to others.  Wait on food is definitely an issue here and I don't think he servers do a very good job of preparing the customers.  Brought up concerns to manager but he didn't seem too worried.    I need a local option for Chicago style pizza but not sure yet this place will be it.
47	yujunchen	4	Saw all the negative reviews and was a bit worried.  Place is still fairly new and working through some growing pains.  Staff is still learning and I think they are cycling through a bunch of kids in training.    Pizza was ok but kind of high priced for what I got.   They had a slice and beer special so I didn't have to get a whole pie.  I had a slice of meat lovers and pepperoni.  I think their sauce overpowers the taste of the toppings and cheese - could barely taste the pepperoni.  Light sauce would be my recommendation to others.  Wait on food is definitely an issue here and I don't think he servers do a very good job of preparing the customers.  Brought up concerns to manager but he didn't seem too worried.    I need a local option for Chicago style pizza but not sure yet this place will be it.
48	tinachen	1	Ok this is an aberration from my city foodie reviews but I figured I'll take the time and review some of the local establishments that I order from on a consistent base while working in Bensalem, P.A.  Without further adieu... George's Chix is good.  I'm always satisfied with the food and value each and every time.  I haven't branched out seeking much more than a good deal each time and trust me I'm not looking to find the healthiest option on the menu (usually I get the nugget/fries/soda deal, the chix fingers/fries/soda deal, or Ceasar wrap/fries/soda deal- $8 or $9 after a nice tip) but the food is alright. Give George's a try if you're in town and looking to get down on some fried grub!
48	yujunchen	1	Ok this is an aberration from my city foodie reviews but I figured I'll take the time and review some of the local establishments that I order from on a consistent base while working in Bensalem, P.A.  Without further adieu... George's Chix is good.  I'm always satisfied with the food and value each and every time.  I haven't branched out seeking much more than a good deal each time and trust me I'm not looking to find the healthiest option on the menu (usually I get the nugget/fries/soda deal, the chix fingers/fries/soda deal, or Ceasar wrap/fries/soda deal- $8 or $9 after a nice tip) but the food is alright. Give George's a try if you're in town and looking to get down on some fried grub!
49	tinachen	2	The food was good, not great, the atmosphere was fun and lvively. Drinks were large and wine list was pleasing.
49	yujunchen	3	The food was good, not great, the atmosphere was fun and lvively. Drinks were large and wine list was pleasing.
50	tinachen	3	This is a great place to visit if you enjoy large crowds and overspending.  They have plenty of delicious deli and bakery items available but you generally can't see either case over crowds while you wait, and if you don't know your order immediately when your numbers called you are S.O.L! They will very quickly call the next person in line so my advice would be to arrive the second they open so that you actually stand a chance of seeing the cases.  It's a great place for extroverts, but it's very small and very very full of people, so if you're the type of person who is not into that sort of thing, I would probably try to go in the most non-peak hours you can.
50	yujunchen	3	This is a great place to visit if you enjoy large crowds and overspending.  They have plenty of delicious deli and bakery items available but you generally can't see either case over crowds while you wait, and if you don't know your order immediately when your numbers called you are S.O.L! They will very quickly call the next person in line so my advice would be to arrive the second they open so that you actually stand a chance of seeing the cases.  It's a great place for extroverts, but it's very small and very very full of people, so if you're the type of person who is not into that sort of thing, I would probably try to go in the most non-peak hours you can.
51	tinachen	2	Hickory Hollow really isn't that bad. If you don't count that shooting earlier this year that is. I'm being serious here. I really don't think the area is all that bad, so I don't know if it is just fear that keeps people from frequenting here or what. It could soon be because of lack of stores, several have closed shop within the last year.   They have I'd say a 50/50 split in stores like New York & Company to get work clothes and urban stores. As far as I know right now, they still have a Victoria's Secret and Waldenbooks, what more could a dorky girl want in a mall right? Because of the low attendance you'll have no problem finding sales. It's really sad to think this place may be heading in the direction of other malls in the city.
51	yujunchen	3	Hickory Hollow really isn't that bad. If you don't count that shooting earlier this year that is. I'm being serious here. I really don't think the area is all that bad, so I don't know if it is just fear that keeps people from frequenting here or what. It could soon be because of lack of stores, several have closed shop within the last year.   They have I'd say a 50/50 split in stores like New York & Company to get work clothes and urban stores. As far as I know right now, they still have a Victoria's Secret and Waldenbooks, what more could a dorky girl want in a mall right? Because of the low attendance you'll have no problem finding sales. It's really sad to think this place may be heading in the direction of other malls in the city.
52	tinachen	3	Chris was our server and he was great. He seemed like the easy going kind of guy you'd want to hang out with. He gave us great recommendations and checked on us frequently.   The food was great. I had the Piggy Mac. Pulled pork topped with rich gouda mac and cheese sprinkled with panko and baked to a crispy brown. I ended up spooning the mac to the side so I could add Puckett's own sweet, yet spicy BBQ sauce to the tender, juicy pork.  My son (he's eight but eats like a teen) ordered the meat plus two veggies kids plate. He said the green beans were the best he's had and loved the pulled pork without and sauce.   We ate early so we missed the music (get there around 8pm) but the place has great lighting and atmosphere no matter the occasion.   Also, park in the back behind Frothy Monkey. It's free and has more space than on the street.
52	yujunchen	3	Chris was our server and he was great. He seemed like the easy going kind of guy you'd want to hang out with. He gave us great recommendations and checked on us frequently.   The food was great. I had the Piggy Mac. Pulled pork topped with rich gouda mac and cheese sprinkled with panko and baked to a crispy brown. I ended up spooning the mac to the side so I could add Puckett's own sweet, yet spicy BBQ sauce to the tender, juicy pork.  My son (he's eight but eats like a teen) ordered the meat plus two veggies kids plate. He said the green beans were the best he's had and loved the pulled pork without and sauce.   We ate early so we missed the music (get there around 8pm) but the place has great lighting and atmosphere no matter the occasion.   Also, park in the back behind Frothy Monkey. It's free and has more space than on the street.
53	tinachen	3	I really hate having to give Lucky Belly a 3 star, but when it comes down to a restaurant review, it's all about the FOOD.  I had my 30th birthday party here.  We had a living social deal for 2F upstairs.  I loved the privacy and karaoke! We had such a blast in our own private area. I loved the patio and string lights, where we had dinner.  Our host was amazing as well, but the food not so much.  I have never not finished a burger.  This was a first for me.  I ordered the jalapeno burger, and it was just smothered in sauce, overpowering everything.  We ordered all of the appetizers to share with our guests, and the tuna devlied eggs was the best thing I ate.  The korean wings were way too sweet and the hot chicken springs rolls was just not good, at all.  I can't say I will go back because I was so disappointed in the food. But I may go back to sing a song or two.
53	yujunchen	2	I really hate having to give Lucky Belly a 3 star, but when it comes down to a restaurant review, it's all about the FOOD.  I had my 30th birthday party here.  We had a living social deal for 2F upstairs.  I loved the privacy and karaoke! We had such a blast in our own private area. I loved the patio and string lights, where we had dinner.  Our host was amazing as well, but the food not so much.  I have never not finished a burger.  This was a first for me.  I ordered the jalapeno burger, and it was just smothered in sauce, overpowering everything.  We ordered all of the appetizers to share with our guests, and the tuna devlied eggs was the best thing I ate.  The korean wings were way too sweet and the hot chicken springs rolls was just not good, at all.  I can't say I will go back because I was so disappointed in the food. But I may go back to sing a song or two.
54	tinachen	4	We went on a friday evening around 5:30 and were seated outside on the covered patio right away. We ordered 2 apps and a flight. The chorizo nachos were huge and decent but the trout dip with pita bread chips is what stood out! The dip came out with 6 pieces of bread placed in a circle around the dip. I asked how much it would cost to get an order of more pita bread and guess what... it was free! score!  Since both items were appetizers they came out in a matter of 5 minutes. All around it was a wonderful experience with good weather, great service, good food and a flight with information about each beer!
54	yujunchen	3	We went on a friday evening around 5:30 and were seated outside on the covered patio right away. We ordered 2 apps and a flight. The chorizo nachos were huge and decent but the trout dip with pita bread chips is what stood out! The dip came out with 6 pieces of bread placed in a circle around the dip. I asked how much it would cost to get an order of more pita bread and guess what... it was free! score!  Since both items were appetizers they came out in a matter of 5 minutes. All around it was a wonderful experience with good weather, great service, good food and a flight with information about each beer!
55	tinachen	1	Ordered their chicken fajita and fish chips.  Chicken was really good, fish and chips not so much. Portions sizes were too little, for the price I would expect a little more. Drinks were alright.
55	yujunchen	2	Ordered their chicken fajita and fish chips.  Chicken was really good, fish and chips not so much. Portions sizes were too little, for the price I would expect a little more. Drinks were alright.
56	tinachen	1	All the food is pretty lack luster. Carne asada fries are less than lack-luster. The tacos are tiny, which would be fine if they didn't cost so much.
56	yujunchen	1	All the food is pretty lack luster. Carne asada fries are less than lack-luster. The tacos are tiny, which would be fine if they didn't cost so much.
57	tinachen	2	Three stars is pretty much on the money. I don't understand a Margaritaville in Nashville but I also am probably not the actual target demographic of these places...see: my dad who sometimes makes me think he can't find anything else on his XM radio other than Margaritaville.   So we've of course been to the one in the Caymans and on Key West. Since clearly these are out of the way places, I didn't get in the way of my parents having their experience here.   I was kind of hoping to avoid listening to music...or at least if I was going to have to listen to covers, NOT "Call Me Maybe" gone country. It's somewhat loud in here and I imagine as the night goes on it's louder. We were here prior to a hockey game but it was still pretty busy.   Since I procured my family a free app coupon I decided I was worthy of the 5 o'clock somewhere which is a take on a Hurricane, which somehow in five years of legal drinking I have never had before. It wasn't bad. I imagine it's one of those things where you're like "oh this barely tastes like alcohol, I'll have another" and then suddenly you're hitting on someone you shouldn't be hitting on. Wait what.  For that free app, we had the spinach artichoke dip. It wasn't bad, I certainly wouldn't have let anyone pay full price for it though.   I wasn't feeling like having a full on sandwich or anything but there aren't really any smaller sized options. I guess a cup of soup but I had had soup for lunch and it was like obscenely hot for December so that was out of the question. I decided to just get the chicken quesadilla app and if I didn't finish it then whatever. The rest of my family had burgers or a chicken sandwich. The burgers were liked all around, although my brother got the diablo one and complained that it wasn't spicy enough. But I don't think he understands that poblanos aren't that hot.  The quesadilla wasn't bad, there were some spots though where the chicken was a bit tough. Nothing you can't fix with a good bit of salsa though.   Even though like I said it was pretty busy, we were there only about an hour. Service was great. Would I come back on my own? Probably not. In my case it's really one of those places where once is enough for the experience but if I were asked to come again, I wouldn't say no.
57	yujunchen	2	Three stars is pretty much on the money. I don't understand a Margaritaville in Nashville but I also am probably not the actual target demographic of these places...see: my dad who sometimes makes me think he can't find anything else on his XM radio other than Margaritaville.   So we've of course been to the one in the Caymans and on Key West. Since clearly these are out of the way places, I didn't get in the way of my parents having their experience here.   I was kind of hoping to avoid listening to music...or at least if I was going to have to listen to covers, NOT "Call Me Maybe" gone country. It's somewhat loud in here and I imagine as the night goes on it's louder. We were here prior to a hockey game but it was still pretty busy.   Since I procured my family a free app coupon I decided I was worthy of the 5 o'clock somewhere which is a take on a Hurricane, which somehow in five years of legal drinking I have never had before. It wasn't bad. I imagine it's one of those things where you're like "oh this barely tastes like alcohol, I'll have another" and then suddenly you're hitting on someone you shouldn't be hitting on. Wait what.  For that free app, we had the spinach artichoke dip. It wasn't bad, I certainly wouldn't have let anyone pay full price for it though.   I wasn't feeling like having a full on sandwich or anything but there aren't really any smaller sized options. I guess a cup of soup but I had had soup for lunch and it was like obscenely hot for December so that was out of the question. I decided to just get the chicken quesadilla app and if I didn't finish it then whatever. The rest of my family had burgers or a chicken sandwich. The burgers were liked all around, although my brother got the diablo one and complained that it wasn't spicy enough. But I don't think he understands that poblanos aren't that hot.  The quesadilla wasn't bad, there were some spots though where the chicken was a bit tough. Nothing you can't fix with a good bit of salsa though.   Even though like I said it was pretty busy, we were there only about an hour. Service was great. Would I come back on my own? Probably not. In my case it's really one of those places where once is enough for the experience but if I were asked to come again, I wouldn't say no.
58	tinachen	2	If you're a fan of sweets, this spot is worth visiting.  They're well-known for their pralines, but there are plenty of other desserts to choose from here.  They even have guys in the front (or back?) of the store making pralines that you can watch.
58	yujunchen	3	If you're a fan of sweets, this spot is worth visiting.  They're well-known for their pralines, but there are plenty of other desserts to choose from here.  They even have guys in the front (or back?) of the store making pralines that you can watch.
59	tinachen	2	Two years ago Florida Georgia Line came to town right around my birthday. Radio, TV and all over social media, all I saw was the concert. I figured it was impossible to not know about it, and I also figured my wife would be taking us to see the show for my birthday surprise. Sadly, I was wrong, and the show came and went, leaving me waiting for another opportunity to catch these guys live.  Finally, that day came, and I took matters into my own hands this time! I scored a pre-sale code and bought two great seats, only to find out my wife would be out of town the night of the show. Lucky for me I had a great friend decide to join me for the show, and what a show it was!   In addition to the sweet sounds of Cadillac 3 and Cole Swindell, who played all the hits, Florida Georgia Line brought the energy, the stage game, and every one of the songs you wanted to hear. But the best part had to be the two incredible surprises! In the second half of the show they walked down a catwalk to a second stage at the rear of the auditorium and played a set with Cole Swindell and Cadillac 3, including some homages to their country mentors, like "Back At Mama's" by Tim McGraw! This was trumped only by the encore, when they talked about the songs they identified with as kids and then performed them! Songs like Montell Jordan's "This is how we do it", Backstreet Boys "Everybody", Alan Jackson's "Should Been A Cowboy" and Papa Roach "Last Resort", and then they closed it all up with "Cruise".  3 Stars because of the insanely long wait for a bar. I think that's a shame. It's an event center. They should know how to do this by now.   Otherwise the place is great. Solid sound, comfortable seats and clean.
59	yujunchen	3	Two years ago Florida Georgia Line came to town right around my birthday. Radio, TV and all over social media, all I saw was the concert. I figured it was impossible to not know about it, and I also figured my wife would be taking us to see the show for my birthday surprise. Sadly, I was wrong, and the show came and went, leaving me waiting for another opportunity to catch these guys live.  Finally, that day came, and I took matters into my own hands this time! I scored a pre-sale code and bought two great seats, only to find out my wife would be out of town the night of the show. Lucky for me I had a great friend decide to join me for the show, and what a show it was!   In addition to the sweet sounds of Cadillac 3 and Cole Swindell, who played all the hits, Florida Georgia Line brought the energy, the stage game, and every one of the songs you wanted to hear. But the best part had to be the two incredible surprises! In the second half of the show they walked down a catwalk to a second stage at the rear of the auditorium and played a set with Cole Swindell and Cadillac 3, including some homages to their country mentors, like "Back At Mama's" by Tim McGraw! This was trumped only by the encore, when they talked about the songs they identified with as kids and then performed them! Songs like Montell Jordan's "This is how we do it", Backstreet Boys "Everybody", Alan Jackson's "Should Been A Cowboy" and Papa Roach "Last Resort", and then they closed it all up with "Cruise".  3 Stars because of the insanely long wait for a bar. I think that's a shame. It's an event center. They should know how to do this by now.   Otherwise the place is great. Solid sound, comfortable seats and clean.
60	tinachen	2	The food was pretty good, although our appetizer came out about 1 minute before our food did, which was a little frustrating. The guacamole was very good, however my chicken tacos could have been better.   Service was okay, not bad, but definitely not great. It seems like the whole staff is very young and may not have as much restaurant experience. However, the GM was very attentive and definitely treated all the guests with respect.
60	yujunchen	3	The food was pretty good, although our appetizer came out about 1 minute before our food did, which was a little frustrating. The guacamole was very good, however my chicken tacos could have been better.   Service was okay, not bad, but definitely not great. It seems like the whole staff is very young and may not have as much restaurant experience. However, the GM was very attentive and definitely treated all the guests with respect.
61	tinachen	2	Wawa is what it is. A convenient store that has an array of options.  The prices are reasonable. Their food is only okay though. I've had their sandwiches a few times. My biggest gripe is I do not like their tomatoes. I think they freeze them and as a result they are always a little hard. I could be wrong about the reason, but they are hard none-the-less.  They also have a few pre-made hot items. The hot dogs are okay. But it's hard to mess up a hot dog. They hot breakfast sandwiches and snack items are below average. Cheap and quick but so not worth it.  Go hear for a candy bar, drink, or other package snack item. Don't go here for anything that's actually prepared by them. It's just not that good.
61	yujunchen	2	Wawa is what it is. A convenient store that has an array of options.  The prices are reasonable. Their food is only okay though. I've had their sandwiches a few times. My biggest gripe is I do not like their tomatoes. I think they freeze them and as a result they are always a little hard. I could be wrong about the reason, but they are hard none-the-less.  They also have a few pre-made hot items. The hot dogs are okay. But it's hard to mess up a hot dog. They hot breakfast sandwiches and snack items are below average. Cheap and quick but so not worth it.  Go hear for a candy bar, drink, or other package snack item. Don't go here for anything that's actually prepared by them. It's just not that good.
62	tinachen	1	I really liked the place however they need a bus boy at the pool people left their dirty plates and no one came to pick them up there were dirty dishes everywhere when we got to the pool it was gross!
62	yujunchen	2	I really liked the place however they need a bus boy at the pool people left their dirty plates and no one came to pick them up there were dirty dishes everywhere when we got to the pool it was gross!
63	tinachen	3	I came here with my husband and some friends to grab some drinks and hang out. Upon walking in, we were greeted kindly by a man, who we never saw again. We sat and waited, checking out their menu. The waitress/bartender came up and asked if we were ready to order, but since part of our party was missing, we asked if we could have a few minutes. Well, I guess a few minutes means twenty because our waitress sat at a table conversing with a couple instead of coming back to assist us. The whole place was rather dead, probably since it was the day before Thanksgiving. Finally, she came over to take our orders. She was helpful in telling us what to avoid on the menu. We got margaritas all around. I had a mango margarita (I tried it both on the rocks and blended) and it was absolutely delicious! I would return just for their fabulous Mango margarita. I heard both their strawberry and traditional margaritas were just as good as well! (Just a tip, avoid the banana margarita!) It took our waitress forever to check on us again and we ended up going up to the bar anytime we needed something. We didn't even think about ordering food, considering the service we were receiving wasn't ideal. The drinks were good and our waitress was polite, just not very attentive. I still enjoyed my experience here and would consider coming back! Infact, I see another mango margarita in my future.
63	yujunchen	3	I came here with my husband and some friends to grab some drinks and hang out. Upon walking in, we were greeted kindly by a man, who we never saw again. We sat and waited, checking out their menu. The waitress/bartender came up and asked if we were ready to order, but since part of our party was missing, we asked if we could have a few minutes. Well, I guess a few minutes means twenty because our waitress sat at a table conversing with a couple instead of coming back to assist us. The whole place was rather dead, probably since it was the day before Thanksgiving. Finally, she came over to take our orders. She was helpful in telling us what to avoid on the menu. We got margaritas all around. I had a mango margarita (I tried it both on the rocks and blended) and it was absolutely delicious! I would return just for their fabulous Mango margarita. I heard both their strawberry and traditional margaritas were just as good as well! (Just a tip, avoid the banana margarita!) It took our waitress forever to check on us again and we ended up going up to the bar anytime we needed something. We didn't even think about ordering food, considering the service we were receiving wasn't ideal. The drinks were good and our waitress was polite, just not very attentive. I still enjoyed my experience here and would consider coming back! Infact, I see another mango margarita in my future.
64	tinachen	2	Good beer. Much better than most beer made in STL. Sweet. If you love sweet.   Ambiance is sterile. No vibe. Looks like an office building. destination spot.
64	yujunchen	3	Good beer. Much better than most beer made in STL. Sweet. If you love sweet.   Ambiance is sterile. No vibe. Looks like an office building. destination spot.
65	tinachen	3	I was looking for a restaurant in the city that offered a good steak at a reasonable cost.  I've been to the Capital Grill and I enjoy their beef as well as their service and decor, I just didn't want to spend $250.00 + for the 3 of us (call me cheap).  Not really knowing what to expect at the Marmont, we took a risk.    The Good: I have to say that the NY strip steaks and rib eye were very very good and cooked perfectly (medium rare and medium).  They were about 1-1/2 thick (forgot to bring my calipers) and well trimmed; very little fat was left. I would say the meat was prime, not choice.  We all enjoyed them as well as the fries which were cooked crisply as we requested.  the sauces were meh; why cover up the wonderful taste of the beef?  Service was good, prompt, and polite.     The Not So Good: The decor is awful.  The floor looks like painted OSB with the paint half worn off, the tables are painted plywood, lighting from K-Mart, and walls have a few giant old signs hanging on them.  The place is a visual dive. I felt like I was in a Tom Waits song.  How hard would it be to make it a nice warm and inviting space? I don't get it.   Want to make more money? Spend the 5K, it will pay off. But please find someone who knows what they are doing.  You serve delicious steaks; I'll bet your decorator doesn't do the cooking, so why ask the cook to decorate?  If you want great steaks for a good price, go here.  But if you are looking for a classy or trendy setting too, you may need to pay the extra 30% at a high end steak house.
65	yujunchen	3	I was looking for a restaurant in the city that offered a good steak at a reasonable cost.  I've been to the Capital Grill and I enjoy their beef as well as their service and decor, I just didn't want to spend $250.00 + for the 3 of us (call me cheap).  Not really knowing what to expect at the Marmont, we took a risk.    The Good: I have to say that the NY strip steaks and rib eye were very very good and cooked perfectly (medium rare and medium).  They were about 1-1/2 thick (forgot to bring my calipers) and well trimmed; very little fat was left. I would say the meat was prime, not choice.  We all enjoyed them as well as the fries which were cooked crisply as we requested.  the sauces were meh; why cover up the wonderful taste of the beef?  Service was good, prompt, and polite.     The Not So Good: The decor is awful.  The floor looks like painted OSB with the paint half worn off, the tables are painted plywood, lighting from K-Mart, and walls have a few giant old signs hanging on them.  The place is a visual dive. I felt like I was in a Tom Waits song.  How hard would it be to make it a nice warm and inviting space? I don't get it.   Want to make more money? Spend the 5K, it will pay off. But please find someone who knows what they are doing.  You serve delicious steaks; I'll bet your decorator doesn't do the cooking, so why ask the cook to decorate?  If you want great steaks for a good price, go here.  But if you are looking for a classy or trendy setting too, you may need to pay the extra 30% at a high end steak house.
66	tinachen	1	Comfortable room with a awesome guitar swimming pool.  Short trip to downtown. Rooms are clean and staff are friendly.
66	yujunchen	2	Comfortable room with a awesome guitar swimming pool.  Short trip to downtown. Rooms are clean and staff are friendly.
67	tinachen	2	My group came on a rainy night so maybe we missed what all the fuss is about. Felt like there were too many rules- no moving bar stools onto the patio - you order first but then find a place to sit and come back to get a number for your food. No smoking allowed outside on the patio. Really really slow service. Ambiance was only ok... music inside was so loud you couldn't talk. 
67	yujunchen	2	My group came on a rainy night so maybe we missed what all the fuss is about. Felt like there were too many rules- no moving bar stools onto the patio - you order first but then find a place to sit and come back to get a number for your food. No smoking allowed outside on the patio. Really really slow service. Ambiance was only ok... music inside was so loud you couldn't talk. 
68	tinachen	2	LOVE this place and have a constructive suggestion. I have to start by saying I've loved this place for several decades and will love it forever! However, on my last visit while we were eating inside the restaurant, I picked up a visitor that was not appreciated one bit--a BLACK WIDOW SPIDER on my purse. I noticed it as I was picking my purse up to leave and found I had set it on a HUGE web. As I looked closer, that web was not alone--there were many. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE get rid of these and clean regularly. I would like to eat my meals stress free! I would love to help clean this amazing place anytime.
68	yujunchen	2	LOVE this place and have a constructive suggestion. I have to start by saying I've loved this place for several decades and will love it forever! However, on my last visit while we were eating inside the restaurant, I picked up a visitor that was not appreciated one bit--a BLACK WIDOW SPIDER on my purse. I noticed it as I was picking my purse up to leave and found I had set it on a HUGE web. As I looked closer, that web was not alone--there were many. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE get rid of these and clean regularly. I would like to eat my meals stress free! I would love to help clean this amazing place anytime.
69	tinachen	1	Great food and drinks, albeit overpriced I had the salt of the earth cocktail and it had great flavor. The angry chicken chicken taco was good, but one wasn't very filling. We had the shiitake, lemon and cauliflower pizza as an appetizer and it had good flavor as well.
69	yujunchen	2	Great food and drinks, albeit overpriced I had the salt of the earth cocktail and it had great flavor. The angry chicken chicken taco was good, but one wasn't very filling. We had the shiitake, lemon and cauliflower pizza as an appetizer and it had good flavor as well.
70	tinachen	1	Tried this place because Pho 75 was closed at the time.  A nice suprise. Very clean and the menu was huge.  Im not a pho expert but it was a decent inexpensive meal.
70	yujunchen	1	Tried this place because Pho 75 was closed at the time.  A nice suprise. Very clean and the menu was huge.  Im not a pho expert but it was a decent inexpensive meal.
71	tinachen	2	The service was great and everything definitely tasted very fresh. I especially liked the guacamole!  I tried the mole and mango chicken tacos and I felt they lacked just a little bit of flavor. I'll definitely go back though and try some different varieties.
71	yujunchen	2	The service was great and everything definitely tasted very fresh. I especially liked the guacamole!  I tried the mole and mango chicken tacos and I felt they lacked just a little bit of flavor. I'll definitely go back though and try some different varieties.
72	tinachen	0	They got me in fast, but a little careless on scratching my brand new Shimano 105 crankset.  No apologies or offers to fix.  Just let it go.
72	yujunchen	1	They got me in fast, but a little careless on scratching my brand new Shimano 105 crankset.  No apologies or offers to fix.  Just let it go.
73	tinachen	2	Panda Express is like going to a jiffy lube - you KNOW there are much better places, and your leery about going to either but you still do because its so quick and easy!!!  Panda Express is OK and I love how they have the little stickers on the serving line swearing they use NO MSG - but you wonder why you bloat up after eating there???   Believe it not I dont have any complaints about Panda Express, I think its great, its just one of those places where if you choose to go here and its not good all you can do is slap yourself and ask yourself WHAT DID YOU REALLY EXPECT and go about your day!   One thing for sure - its is REALLY quick and thats perfect when your in a hurry!
73	yujunchen	2	Panda Express is like going to a jiffy lube - you KNOW there are much better places, and your leery about going to either but you still do because its so quick and easy!!!  Panda Express is OK and I love how they have the little stickers on the serving line swearing they use NO MSG - but you wonder why you bloat up after eating there???   Believe it not I dont have any complaints about Panda Express, I think its great, its just one of those places where if you choose to go here and its not good all you can do is slap yourself and ask yourself WHAT DID YOU REALLY EXPECT and go about your day!   One thing for sure - its is REALLY quick and thats perfect when your in a hurry!
74	tinachen	2	You know what they say about sex or pizza; even when it's bad, it's good. 312 is not bad by any means! It just appears to be example of the growing trend of new restaurants in Nashville; price point does not match quality. This is based only on 2 experiences and is open to interpretation.  What it does do well is provide great service. The staff were friendly, accommodating & seemed genuinely interested in "serving" you well. And this goes a long way in my book.
74	yujunchen	3	You know what they say about sex or pizza; even when it's bad, it's good. 312 is not bad by any means! It just appears to be example of the growing trend of new restaurants in Nashville; price point does not match quality. This is based only on 2 experiences and is open to interpretation.  What it does do well is provide great service. The staff were friendly, accommodating & seemed genuinely interested in "serving" you well. And this goes a long way in my book.
75	tinachen	2	J's Seafood Dock was not busy, quick to take our order, and had plenty of seating.   The jambalaya was really flavorful with just the right amount of heat, but very short on andouille and chicken. It had no shrimp in it at all.   'Real Creole Shrimp Tacos' were more like real creole lettuce tacos. Maybe we should have known because the sample did not have a lot of shrimp so we ordered at our own risk. Flavorful sauce and tasty tortillas though.
75	yujunchen	2	J's Seafood Dock was not busy, quick to take our order, and had plenty of seating.   The jambalaya was really flavorful with just the right amount of heat, but very short on andouille and chicken. It had no shrimp in it at all.   'Real Creole Shrimp Tacos' were more like real creole lettuce tacos. Maybe we should have known because the sample did not have a lot of shrimp so we ordered at our own risk. Flavorful sauce and tasty tortillas though.
76	tinachen	2	Based on previous experience, I chose Workshop for a meal with friends.  We reserved a table and since it was one of the last reservations of the night, the place was fairly empty.    Sadly the kitchen was slow.  We were the last table of the night and our mains took an hour to get to our table.  I ordered the pirogies (which have changed from a month or two back).  They were fairly cold, the side vegetables weren't cooked well and it was rather ho hum.  To drink I ordered a drink I had before, the Gin Gin Mule...I think they used tonic water instead of the ginger beer.  I'll try it again but this was definitely an off night.
76	yujunchen	4	Based on previous experience, I chose Workshop for a meal with friends.  We reserved a table and since it was one of the last reservations of the night, the place was fairly empty.    Sadly the kitchen was slow.  We were the last table of the night and our mains took an hour to get to our table.  I ordered the pirogies (which have changed from a month or two back).  They were fairly cold, the side vegetables weren't cooked well and it was rather ho hum.  To drink I ordered a drink I had before, the Gin Gin Mule...I think they used tonic water instead of the ginger beer.  I'll try it again but this was definitely an off night.
77	tinachen	2	I have been to this nail salon a few times over the past 3 mos. Their quality and service is slipping. This is too bad because I go here because it is so close to my work and easy for me to pop in on my way home.   It is still clean, friendly service, etc. No complaints there. But the quality of service is not as good. They are not as thorough and services have been rushed and sloppy.   One complaint is there is only one employee who does nails (other than manis) and this is a huge time suck.   Another is that my last pedi was rushed and not up to par. The woman did not trim the cuticles as well, remove dead skin, pay attention to detail, or do a thorough job. She went very fast and cut corners.  I got a full set, and a pedi. The man did the nails (which were fine/good except for some acrylic on the sides which he fixed later) and then she painted them. The polish job was sloppy. I had bare spots on the edges, lumps (old polish?) and overspill onto the sides and cuticles. She did not follow up with polish remover to clean them up - instead, as she painted, she ran her nail along the edges to remove it. Not quality.   I happen to like nail art once in a while - not every time - but sometimes I splurge. There does not seem to be anyone who does nail art well. There are many designs you can choose from on the hand models/boards but they are not recreated well. I chose one design for my big toes and it looked nothing like what I picked out. On an earlier visit, I had a picture of a design on my phone and was told point blank they couldn't do it - it was not complicated or too fancy. ??? I have witnessed other customers being disappointed in the nail art feature as well.   Overall, I think this place may be understaffed to meet demand and is struggling with consistent quality. They need another person who can do nails really well like the man does and they need to take their time/provide thorough service.
77	yujunchen	4	I have been to this nail salon a few times over the past 3 mos. Their quality and service is slipping. This is too bad because I go here because it is so close to my work and easy for me to pop in on my way home.   It is still clean, friendly service, etc. No complaints there. But the quality of service is not as good. They are not as thorough and services have been rushed and sloppy.   One complaint is there is only one employee who does nails (other than manis) and this is a huge time suck.   Another is that my last pedi was rushed and not up to par. The woman did not trim the cuticles as well, remove dead skin, pay attention to detail, or do a thorough job. She went very fast and cut corners.  I got a full set, and a pedi. The man did the nails (which were fine/good except for some acrylic on the sides which he fixed later) and then she painted them. The polish job was sloppy. I had bare spots on the edges, lumps (old polish?) and overspill onto the sides and cuticles. She did not follow up with polish remover to clean them up - instead, as she painted, she ran her nail along the edges to remove it. Not quality.   I happen to like nail art once in a while - not every time - but sometimes I splurge. There does not seem to be anyone who does nail art well. There are many designs you can choose from on the hand models/boards but they are not recreated well. I chose one design for my big toes and it looked nothing like what I picked out. On an earlier visit, I had a picture of a design on my phone and was told point blank they couldn't do it - it was not complicated or too fancy. ??? I have witnessed other customers being disappointed in the nail art feature as well.   Overall, I think this place may be understaffed to meet demand and is struggling with consistent quality. They need another person who can do nails really well like the man does and they need to take their time/provide thorough service.
78	tinachen	3	I have been to this location twice and the first time it was much better than last night. Simply, the beer is just ok. I love good beer but I will drink it whether I think it is amazing or awful. I got 4 of their current seasonal beers in a sampler (batch 100, winter warmer, undead black IPA and paramount). They were decent, nothing to write home about or come back the next day for. The reason they lose points from last night was because of the food, not the beer.  Got a black and blue burger. It had just too much blue cheese on the burger and the meat was just alright and they also skimped on the fries. The price is steep for their higher end food but I think their entrees are very good and will stick with those for next time.  P.S. For anyone looking to avoid big parties, babies and young kids (1-12 years old) I have always seen a big group of people who decide to bring their children with them. Kids never bother me but they are kids so they make noise and run around the restaurant. Not much you can do about it besides sitting at the bar.
78	yujunchen	3	I have been to this location twice and the first time it was much better than last night. Simply, the beer is just ok. I love good beer but I will drink it whether I think it is amazing or awful. I got 4 of their current seasonal beers in a sampler (batch 100, winter warmer, undead black IPA and paramount). They were decent, nothing to write home about or come back the next day for. The reason they lose points from last night was because of the food, not the beer.  Got a black and blue burger. It had just too much blue cheese on the burger and the meat was just alright and they also skimped on the fries. The price is steep for their higher end food but I think their entrees are very good and will stick with those for next time.  P.S. For anyone looking to avoid big parties, babies and young kids (1-12 years old) I have always seen a big group of people who decide to bring their children with them. Kids never bother me but they are kids so they make noise and run around the restaurant. Not much you can do about it besides sitting at the bar.
79	tinachen	2	Was invited by friends while visiting the area and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was good and while loud and crowded, we still had a great time!  Very reasonably priced for seafood and would recommend to anyone upon a visit to this part of Florida for a casual, laid back meal.  it isn't my favorite spot on the beach, but I do have a sentimental spot for it in my heart.
79	yujunchen	3	Was invited by friends while visiting the area and was pleasantly surprised!  The food was good and while loud and crowded, we still had a great time!  Very reasonably priced for seafood and would recommend to anyone upon a visit to this part of Florida for a casual, laid back meal.  it isn't my favorite spot on the beach, but I do have a sentimental spot for it in my heart.
80	tinachen	3	This is a struggle on this one. The interior is amazing it's 5 star cozy lodge feel with nice fireplace. So much potential but really fell short...here is The Good The Bad and The Ugly.  The Good- as mention the interior is amazing, makes you want to back and relax all night long. Fish and chips was solid.  The Bad- Soooo... I have never had to eat a burger with a knife and fork... why did I have to do that you may ask? (See pic) the bun was so dry it crumbled into dust as I held it and took a bite. It was brioche bun that was way dry and appeared to have an egg wash on it which just made matters worse. I will say the burger meat, with bacon and English cheddar if eaten all at the same time was great, though burger meat by itself needed season.    The Ugly- the coleslaw straight up had turned, it smelled like rotting vegetables in fishy water and tasted the same. I literally spit it out it was that bad.  I am sadly seeing a food quality issue here, borderline need health inspectors to visit on that coleslaw.  Also side note if they had more local craft beers other then 2-3 on draft, an extensive bourbon list this would make a killer spot for drinks and drinks only until food quality is resolved. Wishful thinking as well but would be great if this was a cigar bar as the atmosphere is prime for that.  PS- other people bitched about pricing but we felt it was very inexpensive. $51 for 2 meals, 3 drinks.  I really hope they make some of these suggested changes sooo much potential for go to spot.
80	yujunchen	3	This is a struggle on this one. The interior is amazing it's 5 star cozy lodge feel with nice fireplace. So much potential but really fell short...here is The Good The Bad and The Ugly.  The Good- as mention the interior is amazing, makes you want to back and relax all night long. Fish and chips was solid.  The Bad- Soooo... I have never had to eat a burger with a knife and fork... why did I have to do that you may ask? (See pic) the bun was so dry it crumbled into dust as I held it and took a bite. It was brioche bun that was way dry and appeared to have an egg wash on it which just made matters worse. I will say the burger meat, with bacon and English cheddar if eaten all at the same time was great, though burger meat by itself needed season.    The Ugly- the coleslaw straight up had turned, it smelled like rotting vegetables in fishy water and tasted the same. I literally spit it out it was that bad.  I am sadly seeing a food quality issue here, borderline need health inspectors to visit on that coleslaw.  Also side note if they had more local craft beers other then 2-3 on draft, an extensive bourbon list this would make a killer spot for drinks and drinks only until food quality is resolved. Wishful thinking as well but would be great if this was a cigar bar as the atmosphere is prime for that.  PS- other people bitched about pricing but we felt it was very inexpensive. $51 for 2 meals, 3 drinks.  I really hope they make some of these suggested changes sooo much potential for go to spot.
81	tinachen	2	I really enjoy the sushi here. It always taste so fresh and while their prices aren't the best, for what you get I'm pretty impressed. My husband always gets the teriyaki steak. Compared to other places the teriyaki steak is a little expensive for the quantity /quality. Service is always good, they keep your drinks filled and I have never had to wait too long for food. We don't go out of our way to go here, but if we are in the area we tend to stop in.
81	yujunchen	2	I really enjoy the sushi here. It always taste so fresh and while their prices aren't the best, for what you get I'm pretty impressed. My husband always gets the teriyaki steak. Compared to other places the teriyaki steak is a little expensive for the quantity /quality. Service is always good, they keep your drinks filled and I have never had to wait too long for food. We don't go out of our way to go here, but if we are in the area we tend to stop in.
82	tinachen	1	OK lunch buffet, but too oily.  i think weekend buffet is better than weekday.
82	yujunchen	2	OK lunch buffet, but too oily.  i think weekend buffet is better than weekday.
83	tinachen	1	I'll go back. Got a lb of brisket and a lb of pulled pork. Both were very very yummy. I'm shorting them stars for the sides, though. At the risk of sounding full of myself my Mac and Cheese is better. Also their burnt end beans were too heavy on the mustard for me. My kids dug their shoe string fries. I'll definitely go back for the meat. Maybe I'll give the coleslaw a try.
83	yujunchen	1	I'll go back. Got a lb of brisket and a lb of pulled pork. Both were very very yummy. I'm shorting them stars for the sides, though. At the risk of sounding full of myself my Mac and Cheese is better. Also their burnt end beans were too heavy on the mustard for me. My kids dug their shoe string fries. I'll definitely go back for the meat. Maybe I'll give the coleslaw a try.
84	tinachen	2	Oddly enough this is a decent location. Free multi floor parking was a plus in case of flooding. It has a decent gym, and a nice upstairs pool. Relatively easy on-off highway. A $14 Lyft to French Quarter's canal street. Concierge is minimalistic and oddly located in open area in front of elevators. I like the elevator key lock to the top floor.   But for some weird reason the prices in late October are rising above French Quarters, which I presume is a micro-market in Met'ree (that how they say Metairie ;-))
84	yujunchen	2	Oddly enough this is a decent location. Free multi floor parking was a plus in case of flooding. It has a decent gym, and a nice upstairs pool. Relatively easy on-off highway. A $14 Lyft to French Quarter's canal street. Concierge is minimalistic and oddly located in open area in front of elevators. I like the elevator key lock to the top floor.   But for some weird reason the prices in late October are rising above French Quarters, which I presume is a micro-market in Met'ree (that how they say Metairie ;-))
85	tinachen	2	I'm from STL and sadly, I never had Ted Drewes until recently. I always see long lines so I figured I'd give it a try. I went to the location on South Grand and the ice was good but the service was terrible. The staff was rude and impatient while I tried to figure out what I wanted. Maybe I'll try the one on Hampton next time.
85	yujunchen	3	I'm from STL and sadly, I never had Ted Drewes until recently. I always see long lines so I figured I'd give it a try. I went to the location on South Grand and the ice was good but the service was terrible. The staff was rude and impatient while I tried to figure out what I wanted. Maybe I'll try the one on Hampton next time.
86	tinachen	2	I gave The Mason Jar 3 stars for these reasons:   -They always get to-go orders incorrect. Always.  -The front of the house staff is not welcoming. They are sort of dreary.  -The menu is ok. Not a lot of diversity in the menu here. Standard American cuisine.   I do love the burgers however, and those dang garlic fries get me everytime! They are great for sharing.
86	yujunchen	2	I gave The Mason Jar 3 stars for these reasons:   -They always get to-go orders incorrect. Always.  -The front of the house staff is not welcoming. They are sort of dreary.  -The menu is ok. Not a lot of diversity in the menu here. Standard American cuisine.   I do love the burgers however, and those dang garlic fries get me everytime! They are great for sharing.
87	tinachen	2	Second time to visit Mazarin in three years.  Three years ago it was great, including the breakfast.    But this last visit, Dec 2016, not too good.  I never got an answer to three phone calls previous to the visit.  (Three different days and three different times of day) So, I emailed to request courtyard view.  My Superior bedroom was facing the courtyard but it did not view the courtyard.  I was put on the third floor which viewed  the top of a tarp that covered the courtyard during inclement weather.  Only the weather was not inclement ... I suppose they were too tired to remove tarp.  They are very busy. (Never got answer to email either)  We booked the room for two people and had to request two wash clothes each day since there were none.  The concierge never looked up from her PC to welcome guests and it would look better if she would smile. (She probably wasn't feeling well)  Doorman was great and the desk service was prompt.  The breakfast was not up to standard for a hotel of this price point.  It seemed cooked hours previously, then placed on steam trays.  Similar to what is served in La Quinta.  Eggs were scrambled and stiff, bacon was limp and chewy and all the breads were stale and cold.  Juice and coffee were fine.  We stayed three days but only ate breakfast there the first.  Even though breakfast cost was included in the room cost.  Hint to cooks: If you keep scrambled eggs on steam trays they continue to cook and become over done.  Also breads, bagels and croissants are baked fresh daily in the Quarter.  It would be good to serve it.  On the better side the rooms were very clean and when the drain in the shower was slow, leaving us standing in an inch of water, they sent maintenance man right away and repaired it.  Slept well every night  I am sorry but we will not be staying a third time and cannot recommend this hotel as a 4 or 5 star hotel.
87	yujunchen	3	Second time to visit Mazarin in three years.  Three years ago it was great, including the breakfast.    But this last visit, Dec 2016, not too good.  I never got an answer to three phone calls previous to the visit.  (Three different days and three different times of day) So, I emailed to request courtyard view.  My Superior bedroom was facing the courtyard but it did not view the courtyard.  I was put on the third floor which viewed  the top of a tarp that covered the courtyard during inclement weather.  Only the weather was not inclement ... I suppose they were too tired to remove tarp.  They are very busy. (Never got answer to email either)  We booked the room for two people and had to request two wash clothes each day since there were none.  The concierge never looked up from her PC to welcome guests and it would look better if she would smile. (She probably wasn't feeling well)  Doorman was great and the desk service was prompt.  The breakfast was not up to standard for a hotel of this price point.  It seemed cooked hours previously, then placed on steam trays.  Similar to what is served in La Quinta.  Eggs were scrambled and stiff, bacon was limp and chewy and all the breads were stale and cold.  Juice and coffee were fine.  We stayed three days but only ate breakfast there the first.  Even though breakfast cost was included in the room cost.  Hint to cooks: If you keep scrambled eggs on steam trays they continue to cook and become over done.  Also breads, bagels and croissants are baked fresh daily in the Quarter.  It would be good to serve it.  On the better side the rooms were very clean and when the drain in the shower was slow, leaving us standing in an inch of water, they sent maintenance man right away and repaired it.  Slept well every night  I am sorry but we will not be staying a third time and cannot recommend this hotel as a 4 or 5 star hotel.
88	tinachen	3	Small menu, seems like a neighborhood diner atmosphere. We had the biscuits and gravy and the slinger, which comes with sausage instead of hamburger. Iced coffee is truly just black coffee served over large chunks of ice. Food was good, but nothing was great. Very small dining room with family style communal seating. First time trying, but probably won't be back.
88	yujunchen	3	Small menu, seems like a neighborhood diner atmosphere. We had the biscuits and gravy and the slinger, which comes with sausage instead of hamburger. Iced coffee is truly just black coffee served over large chunks of ice. Food was good, but nothing was great. Very small dining room with family style communal seating. First time trying, but probably won't be back.
89	tinachen	2	Front end service was 5 stars and the space is elegant with an up scale feel. Wait staff was attentive and is well trained.  Back end was 2 stars, because entrees took very long and were unimpressive. Flavor was good but short on some ingredients. The veal special was just a breaded fried veal cutlet; no cheese, no sauce. Pappardelle with pork had almost no pork; tasted fine though. Chocolate hazelnut tort dessert took very long to expedite and preparation was inconsistent. We ordered 3 - there were 5 of us at the table - and one came with chocolate shavings, while 2 did not. One was also stuck to the plate and the crust was like stone.  They did comp us on the dessert, which was very nice considering the wait.   It's a nice place and they obviously put a lot of thought and money into the space, cuisine and concept. I hope they can work out the defects and execute on their vision.
89	yujunchen	3	Front end service was 5 stars and the space is elegant with an up scale feel. Wait staff was attentive and is well trained.  Back end was 2 stars, because entrees took very long and were unimpressive. Flavor was good but short on some ingredients. The veal special was just a breaded fried veal cutlet; no cheese, no sauce. Pappardelle with pork had almost no pork; tasted fine though. Chocolate hazelnut tort dessert took very long to expedite and preparation was inconsistent. We ordered 3 - there were 5 of us at the table - and one came with chocolate shavings, while 2 did not. One was also stuck to the plate and the crust was like stone.  They did comp us on the dessert, which was very nice considering the wait.   It's a nice place and they obviously put a lot of thought and money into the space, cuisine and concept. I hope they can work out the defects and execute on their vision.
90	tinachen	2	My roommate and I began our best brunch search months ago and stumbled into Refuel when we first started. After going back a couple of times since, I can say the food is good and the ambiance is great but whole package isn't my top brunch spot in the city, or even in my top 5 (granted, there are a lot of brunch places in New Orleans).   I heard great things about their french toast so I went in with high hopes and was told they no longer serve it!! So, if you're in a sweet mood, get the Belgian waffle with all the goods on the side at no extra cost and share it with a trusted diner.   I'd be happy to return to check out their new menu, so hopefully that will up my brunch scale rating!
90	yujunchen	2	My roommate and I began our best brunch search months ago and stumbled into Refuel when we first started. After going back a couple of times since, I can say the food is good and the ambiance is great but whole package isn't my top brunch spot in the city, or even in my top 5 (granted, there are a lot of brunch places in New Orleans).   I heard great things about their french toast so I went in with high hopes and was told they no longer serve it!! So, if you're in a sweet mood, get the Belgian waffle with all the goods on the side at no extra cost and share it with a trusted diner.   I'd be happy to return to check out their new menu, so hopefully that will up my brunch scale rating!
91	tinachen	3	Let me point out that I do not eat oysters! I have been to this place a couple of times but only because I was with a group of friends.  The food here is good but certainly not the best creole food around. I like the gumbo here it is delicious and not watered down like most of the other restaurants in this city. The crab cakes here were good too!  The service was satisfactory. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was not as bad as some of the other places I dealt with in the French Quarter. So I guess it was okay to say the least.  One of the other things I like about this place is the unusual amounts of homeless wino's that pass out in front of this place. I kind of understand that this is the norm on Bourbon street. But it is comical to see a bum passed out in front of an upscale place like this. This place is really pricey, but given the fact it is an upscale place on bourbon street I totally understand why.  In short good food, mediocre service, pricey establishment and a magnet for drunks to pass out in front of!
91	yujunchen	4	Let me point out that I do not eat oysters! I have been to this place a couple of times but only because I was with a group of friends.  The food here is good but certainly not the best creole food around. I like the gumbo here it is delicious and not watered down like most of the other restaurants in this city. The crab cakes here were good too!  The service was satisfactory. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was not as bad as some of the other places I dealt with in the French Quarter. So I guess it was okay to say the least.  One of the other things I like about this place is the unusual amounts of homeless wino's that pass out in front of this place. I kind of understand that this is the norm on Bourbon street. But it is comical to see a bum passed out in front of an upscale place like this. This place is really pricey, but given the fact it is an upscale place on bourbon street I totally understand why.  In short good food, mediocre service, pricey establishment and a magnet for drunks to pass out in front of!
92	tinachen	1	A lil cozy bar/restaurant on Frenchman Street.  Small plates, good music and service.
92	yujunchen	1	A lil cozy bar/restaurant on Frenchman Street.  Small plates, good music and service.
93	tinachen	1	I'm going to make the bold statement and say that I'm kind of an ice cream fanatic. Whenever I get ready for a trip, researching ice cream shops is at the top of my to-do list. I don't care if it's the dead of winter. You take coffee breaks? I take ice cream breaks. I realize that I take this obsession/addiction to an unhealthy extreme, as I've been known to eat it for dinner.   With that said, you can imagine that I was really excited to try this place since it is so highly rated on yelp. When reading the reviews, I was convinced that Creole Creamery was going to be the "Bi-rite of the south" (best ice cream I've ever had). I had some pretty high expectations. Unfortunately, it did not deliver quite like I thought it would but it certainly wasn't bad.   My main problem is that out of the 3 flavors I had, THEY ALL TASTED IDENTICAL. I got the Basil Coconut & Lavender and my sister got the Rose. These were some of the most unique flavors they offered and you'd think they'd be pretty distinguishable from one another. Alas, neither of us could taste much difference. The flavors were extremely subtle.  What I did love however was the creaminess and texture. This is where it gets close to the Bi-Rite status. The ice cream itself is very rich and smooth with perfect consistency. You simply can't buy something like this in the store. Had the flavors wowed me, I would have given this 5 stars, hands down (and it truly would have become the "Bi-Rite of the South" in my book).  All in all, I will definitely go back. I mean, it's still great ice cream. And I'm sure if I tried a more traditional flavor, the taste would be stronger. I just really love the weird stuff :)
93	yujunchen	2	I'm going to make the bold statement and say that I'm kind of an ice cream fanatic. Whenever I get ready for a trip, researching ice cream shops is at the top of my to-do list. I don't care if it's the dead of winter. You take coffee breaks? I take ice cream breaks. I realize that I take this obsession/addiction to an unhealthy extreme, as I've been known to eat it for dinner.   With that said, you can imagine that I was really excited to try this place since it is so highly rated on yelp. When reading the reviews, I was convinced that Creole Creamery was going to be the "Bi-rite of the south" (best ice cream I've ever had). I had some pretty high expectations. Unfortunately, it did not deliver quite like I thought it would but it certainly wasn't bad.   My main problem is that out of the 3 flavors I had, THEY ALL TASTED IDENTICAL. I got the Basil Coconut & Lavender and my sister got the Rose. These were some of the most unique flavors they offered and you'd think they'd be pretty distinguishable from one another. Alas, neither of us could taste much difference. The flavors were extremely subtle.  What I did love however was the creaminess and texture. This is where it gets close to the Bi-Rite status. The ice cream itself is very rich and smooth with perfect consistency. You simply can't buy something like this in the store. Had the flavors wowed me, I would have given this 5 stars, hands down (and it truly would have become the "Bi-Rite of the South" in my book).  All in all, I will definitely go back. I mean, it's still great ice cream. And I'm sure if I tried a more traditional flavor, the taste would be stronger. I just really love the weird stuff :)
94	tinachen	2	Its a local deli. Prices are high, but that is the normal deal for places like this. They don't always put prices on their stuff which is sometimes annoying.  I go here often because it is close, all the employees are very friendly and they always pet my dog.
94	yujunchen	2	Its a local deli. Prices are high, but that is the normal deal for places like this. They don't always put prices on their stuff which is sometimes annoying.  I go here often because it is close, all the employees are very friendly and they always pet my dog.
95	tinachen	2	Good: view, breeze, weather on this day. Bad: understaffed, picnic tables as seating, and no drink menu. I think that the incredible weather and view save this restaurant from being 2 stars. The food was "okay", service was slow because they needed more staff. All in all I'd come back again for a beer to watch the sunset on a nice day, but not big on dinner here.
95	yujunchen	2	Good: view, breeze, weather on this day. Bad: understaffed, picnic tables as seating, and no drink menu. I think that the incredible weather and view save this restaurant from being 2 stars. The food was "okay", service was slow because they needed more staff. All in all I'd come back again for a beer to watch the sunset on a nice day, but not big on dinner here.
96	tinachen	2	Totally agree with the other lone (and 1st) review, the staffing at this store is dysfunctional and the merchandising is poor at best.   And, to make matters worse many of the center-store packaged product prices are not competitive to other merchants in the area.  There are some perks, if you live nearby it's of course convenience.  The other nice perk is that Lancaster brand steaks are very good and at this Acme they're always fresh, good grill cuts, and they are very reasonably priced.
96	yujunchen	3	Totally agree with the other lone (and 1st) review, the staffing at this store is dysfunctional and the merchandising is poor at best.   And, to make matters worse many of the center-store packaged product prices are not competitive to other merchants in the area.  There are some perks, if you live nearby it's of course convenience.  The other nice perk is that Lancaster brand steaks are very good and at this Acme they're always fresh, good grill cuts, and they are very reasonably priced.
97	tinachen	4	Fun fact, I "recently" moved somewhat close to the "Hill". In fact, on the day that I finally found my apartment, my parents and I were driving down the road and stumbled upon a building adorned with a big, red, flashing sign-it read, "Joey B's on the Hill." Since we were famished from all of the decision making, we decided to give it a whirl.  Now, Joey B's is not quite located in the same area as the rest of the Hill restaurants, so I was anxious to see what it was like-most of the others are sit down, semi-nice, lit by the light of 1,000 candles types of places. You know, your typical Italian joint--checkered table clothes and all.  Joey B's was a little different as it looked a little more like a sports bar than most other places on the Hill--fewer candles, more big screen TVs. [Of course, my father was extraordinarily pleased that he could watch the Nascar race while we ate, so it was all good.]  After looking over the menu, my mom decided to order the French Dip and my dad and I decided to split a pizza-half supreme, half BBQ chicken. That's half sausage, pepperoni, bacon, mushroom, green pepper & onion and half grilled chicken, red onion and provel cheese with BBQ sauce. Let's just be honest. This was a mistake. And the mistake was my fault. I was the one who ordered the BBQ half of the pizza and it just did not hold a candle to the "regular" half of the pizza.  Yes, I'll admit that for once in my life a pizza with provel cheese on it--impressed me. I didn't expect that! But, the BBQ pizza was too sweet and I'm sad to say that we didn't eat much of it.  Luckily, my dad let me have a little of his and I was so glad he did, because his half of the pizza was much better than mine.  The pizza had a nice crunchy crust, but it didn't crumble and fall apart like some thin crusts can. Plus, the sauce was really good. Nice and tangy. In fact, I believe that the menu said that this was Rachel Ray's favorite pizza sauce--and who can argue with that?  All in all, it was just good pizza. No, not the *best* I'd ever had, but good. Plus, it was pretty BIG too-definitely enough to share. So either go in expecting left overs or take a BIG appetite.  Now that we've talked pizza, let's talk about the [unexpected] best part of the meal. My mom's french dip sandwich.  Thin, juicy, sliced roast beef served with its own au jus and melted provel cheese on French bread. This sandwich was very moist and very flavorful. I would have to describe it as comfort food... to the point where I am seriously look forward to going there in the winter and having one.  Plus, once again, I'm proud to say that I enjoyed the provel cheese on this dish! *gasp!* Maybe St. Louis is stealing my soul.... Or maybe Joey B's just knows how to use juuuustttt enough provel to bring the flavor palette in without overwhelming the taste buds. Yeah, I'll go with the second option.  Other menu items that we selected included onion rings (very heavily breaded, but pretty good... your standard onion rings) and side salads (again, the provel cheese was good on these salads. Shocking!). It was all just very satisfying; a nice hearty, savory meal.  So, what's the final judgement? The food was good (and partially changed my mind about provel cheese), the service friendly, and the atmosphere upbeat but not super exciting. I'd have to grade Joey B's like this:  Food: A- Atmosphere: B Service: A Price: $ Portion Size: Large  It truly seemed like a great place to grab a pizza and a couple beers and hang out with your friends. I definitely plan on returning and you should check it out too. Let me know what you think when you go!  Happy eating!
97	yujunchen	4	Fun fact, I "recently" moved somewhat close to the "Hill". In fact, on the day that I finally found my apartment, my parents and I were driving down the road and stumbled upon a building adorned with a big, red, flashing sign-it read, "Joey B's on the Hill." Since we were famished from all of the decision making, we decided to give it a whirl.  Now, Joey B's is not quite located in the same area as the rest of the Hill restaurants, so I was anxious to see what it was like-most of the others are sit down, semi-nice, lit by the light of 1,000 candles types of places. You know, your typical Italian joint--checkered table clothes and all.  Joey B's was a little different as it looked a little more like a sports bar than most other places on the Hill--fewer candles, more big screen TVs. [Of course, my father was extraordinarily pleased that he could watch the Nascar race while we ate, so it was all good.]  After looking over the menu, my mom decided to order the French Dip and my dad and I decided to split a pizza-half supreme, half BBQ chicken. That's half sausage, pepperoni, bacon, mushroom, green pepper & onion and half grilled chicken, red onion and provel cheese with BBQ sauce. Let's just be honest. This was a mistake. And the mistake was my fault. I was the one who ordered the BBQ half of the pizza and it just did not hold a candle to the "regular" half of the pizza.  Yes, I'll admit that for once in my life a pizza with provel cheese on it--impressed me. I didn't expect that! But, the BBQ pizza was too sweet and I'm sad to say that we didn't eat much of it.  Luckily, my dad let me have a little of his and I was so glad he did, because his half of the pizza was much better than mine.  The pizza had a nice crunchy crust, but it didn't crumble and fall apart like some thin crusts can. Plus, the sauce was really good. Nice and tangy. In fact, I believe that the menu said that this was Rachel Ray's favorite pizza sauce--and who can argue with that?  All in all, it was just good pizza. No, not the *best* I'd ever had, but good. Plus, it was pretty BIG too-definitely enough to share. So either go in expecting left overs or take a BIG appetite.  Now that we've talked pizza, let's talk about the [unexpected] best part of the meal. My mom's french dip sandwich.  Thin, juicy, sliced roast beef served with its own au jus and melted provel cheese on French bread. This sandwich was very moist and very flavorful. I would have to describe it as comfort food... to the point where I am seriously look forward to going there in the winter and having one.  Plus, once again, I'm proud to say that I enjoyed the provel cheese on this dish! *gasp!* Maybe St. Louis is stealing my soul.... Or maybe Joey B's just knows how to use juuuustttt enough provel to bring the flavor palette in without overwhelming the taste buds. Yeah, I'll go with the second option.  Other menu items that we selected included onion rings (very heavily breaded, but pretty good... your standard onion rings) and side salads (again, the provel cheese was good on these salads. Shocking!). It was all just very satisfying; a nice hearty, savory meal.  So, what's the final judgement? The food was good (and partially changed my mind about provel cheese), the service friendly, and the atmosphere upbeat but not super exciting. I'd have to grade Joey B's like this:  Food: A- Atmosphere: B Service: A Price: $ Portion Size: Large  It truly seemed like a great place to grab a pizza and a couple beers and hang out with your friends. I definitely plan on returning and you should check it out too. Let me know what you think when you go!  Happy eating!
98	tinachen	2	Sundial is a much improved downtown retail and restaurant complex that is righting many of the wrongs of the former Baywalk. The design is much more open and more conducive to bringing people to and through the center core.  Now that Locale Market has opened for business I expect the flow of people day and night will definitely increase. More traffic means more vitality.  Three restaurants on the second floor will be opening in 2015. Farm Table Kitchen which is the upstairs dining component to Locale Market. Ruth's Chris Steak House will bring a nationally known brand to the mix and Sea Salt, which is expanding from its original location in Naples, Florida, should bring additional attention and spark to Sundial's dining options.  But the retail mix to date just does not do much for me because I can either find the same shops elsewhere - Tommy Bahama, Chico's and Lululemon athletic clothing - or the new-to-the-market or locally owned shops are limited in what they offer.  This is a lovely complex in the center of a lively downtown that should become a destination for food but also for other reasons that encourage spending time and spending money. Here's hoping the retail can be amped up enough to shine just as brightly as its neighboring foodie-focused businesses.
98	yujunchen	3	Sundial is a much improved downtown retail and restaurant complex that is righting many of the wrongs of the former Baywalk. The design is much more open and more conducive to bringing people to and through the center core.  Now that Locale Market has opened for business I expect the flow of people day and night will definitely increase. More traffic means more vitality.  Three restaurants on the second floor will be opening in 2015. Farm Table Kitchen which is the upstairs dining component to Locale Market. Ruth's Chris Steak House will bring a nationally known brand to the mix and Sea Salt, which is expanding from its original location in Naples, Florida, should bring additional attention and spark to Sundial's dining options.  But the retail mix to date just does not do much for me because I can either find the same shops elsewhere - Tommy Bahama, Chico's and Lululemon athletic clothing - or the new-to-the-market or locally owned shops are limited in what they offer.  This is a lovely complex in the center of a lively downtown that should become a destination for food but also for other reasons that encourage spending time and spending money. Here's hoping the retail can be amped up enough to shine just as brightly as its neighboring foodie-focused businesses.
99	tinachen	2	A great place for breakfast - the parking situation is a little difficult with them only having a small area for cars. I don't live nearby so it's always a task to get a good space. The times I've gone early in the morning it has been a little hectic and crowded. I will say - the food is delicious. The coffee is better than most i.e. Starbucks, Duncan Donuts - it's a cut above the rest!
99	yujunchen	2	A great place for breakfast - the parking situation is a little difficult with them only having a small area for cars. I don't live nearby so it's always a task to get a good space. The times I've gone early in the morning it has been a little hectic and crowded. I will say - the food is delicious. The coffee is better than most i.e. Starbucks, Duncan Donuts - it's a cut above the rest!
100	tinachen	2	This is a good place to get a take out lunch if you are in the mood for something healthy. I would not recommend eating there because seating is limited and there are crowds of people waiting to order/pick up their take out meals.  Rittenhouse Square is just a few steps away and that's where I go to eat my lunch.  The lady sitting next to me on the bench remarked how good my food smelled.   Everything on the menu at Hip City Veg is vegan, though even if you are not vegan/vegetarian I would recommend it because the food tastes really good!  I liked the Udon noodle salad with faux-chicken. I've also had the ziggy burger which I thought was pretty good for a veggie burger (loved the fresh tomato, lettuce and onion) but especially enjoyed the sweet potato fries I had as a side.  There are also some interesting drinks. There is a "groothie" which is a greens and fruit smoothie. Personally I thought it was just OK and not that thirst quenching, but it seemed like a lot of people were ordering it so I tried it.  I preferred the green lemonade (lemonade plus kale, sweetened with agave), which was both delicious and refreshing!   Overall I'd recommend Hip City Veg and plan to go back!
100	yujunchen	2	This is a good place to get a take out lunch if you are in the mood for something healthy. I would not recommend eating there because seating is limited and there are crowds of people waiting to order/pick up their take out meals.  Rittenhouse Square is just a few steps away and that's where I go to eat my lunch.  The lady sitting next to me on the bench remarked how good my food smelled.   Everything on the menu at Hip City Veg is vegan, though even if you are not vegan/vegetarian I would recommend it because the food tastes really good!  I liked the Udon noodle salad with faux-chicken. I've also had the ziggy burger which I thought was pretty good for a veggie burger (loved the fresh tomato, lettuce and onion) but especially enjoyed the sweet potato fries I had as a side.  There are also some interesting drinks. There is a "groothie" which is a greens and fruit smoothie. Personally I thought it was just OK and not that thirst quenching, but it seemed like a lot of people were ordering it so I tried it.  I preferred the green lemonade (lemonade plus kale, sweetened with agave), which was both delicious and refreshing!   Overall I'd recommend Hip City Veg and plan to go back!
101	tinachen	3	I had high expectations when I went to this place recently after some recommendations from friends.  We visited on a night when there weren't very crowded so it was nice to be able to have such an attentive waitress and service.  I was a bit disappointed when I didn't find as much on the menu as I would have liked to have seen that would appeal to me.  I guess I have become very picky with my Yelp addiction in terms of scrutinizing every establishment I go to pretty thoroughly.    I ordered the hummus appetizer for the table and was very pleased at the quality of the dish.  For my entree I ordered their Bricks Salad which had plenty of fresh produce packed in.  I ordered a double portion of chicken for it, which still seemed pretty skimpy especially since I was charged for that request.  Overall, I'd say this is probably one of Ybor's lesser known spots as its more on the western edge of the main strip, yet it seems very lively and upbeat.  I did like that they had featured lots of artwork by various local artists that were on display and offerred for sale.  Not a bad place to hang out and have a drink if you're looking for a lower key outing in the Ybor area.
101	yujunchen	3	I had high expectations when I went to this place recently after some recommendations from friends.  We visited on a night when there weren't very crowded so it was nice to be able to have such an attentive waitress and service.  I was a bit disappointed when I didn't find as much on the menu as I would have liked to have seen that would appeal to me.  I guess I have become very picky with my Yelp addiction in terms of scrutinizing every establishment I go to pretty thoroughly.    I ordered the hummus appetizer for the table and was very pleased at the quality of the dish.  For my entree I ordered their Bricks Salad which had plenty of fresh produce packed in.  I ordered a double portion of chicken for it, which still seemed pretty skimpy especially since I was charged for that request.  Overall, I'd say this is probably one of Ybor's lesser known spots as its more on the western edge of the main strip, yet it seems very lively and upbeat.  I did like that they had featured lots of artwork by various local artists that were on display and offerred for sale.  Not a bad place to hang out and have a drink if you're looking for a lower key outing in the Ybor area.
102	tinachen	2	Love this place with the vibrant colors on a Sunday morning after a night out! We loved the Bloody Mary bar, however they were out of almost everything and they didn't replace. Our waitress was not with it. We have 8 people and it was about a 2 hour trip, 30 min of that was her just trying to figure out the bills, credit cards and payments. It was bad.
102	yujunchen	2	Love this place with the vibrant colors on a Sunday morning after a night out! We loved the Bloody Mary bar, however they were out of almost everything and they didn't replace. Our waitress was not with it. We have 8 people and it was about a 2 hour trip, 30 min of that was her just trying to figure out the bills, credit cards and payments. It was bad.
103	tinachen	1	Decent place for lunch. Overall service is good with friendly employees.
103	yujunchen	2	Decent place for lunch. Overall service is good with friendly employees.
104	tinachen	2	This is where I head when I get that Texas BBQ itch. The brisket sandwiches are delicious, when cooked properly, and the sangria had me feeling nice.   The atmosphere is relaxed. Nice bar seating.
104	yujunchen	2	This is where I head when I get that Texas BBQ itch. The brisket sandwiches are delicious, when cooked properly, and the sangria had me feeling nice.   The atmosphere is relaxed. Nice bar seating.
105	tinachen	2	15 microbrew taps, order food, pretty nice little bar but the Wi-Fi is so so slow slow slow. I love whole foods and have been to most of them in the western United States, it's a good bar but not a good value---come on, growlers $20 to $40????
105	yujunchen	3	15 microbrew taps, order food, pretty nice little bar but the Wi-Fi is so so slow slow slow. I love whole foods and have been to most of them in the western United States, it's a good bar but not a good value---come on, growlers $20 to $40????
106	tinachen	2	Was in town looking for breakfast places and this place had a super high rating.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to ordering biscuits and gravy because I like the way I make them.  Lots of sausage in the gravy and a bit of pepper.  I gave it a try.  The sausage gravy was very tasty as was the orange juice.  I didn't enjoy the biscuits.  They were very hard and smothering them in gravy didn't help much.  I also thought this place deserved more than one dollar sign.  It was a bit pricy.  All in all, pretty good.
106	yujunchen	2	Was in town looking for breakfast places and this place had a super high rating.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to ordering biscuits and gravy because I like the way I make them.  Lots of sausage in the gravy and a bit of pepper.  I gave it a try.  The sausage gravy was very tasty as was the orange juice.  I didn't enjoy the biscuits.  They were very hard and smothering them in gravy didn't help much.  I also thought this place deserved more than one dollar sign.  It was a bit pricy.  All in all, pretty good.
107	tinachen	2	This is a popular place to go for us students after exams on Friday. They have an excellent burger selection and the out door patio is now open for business. They have done a great job fixing it up. Live music outside and a decent selection of tap and bottle beers.  Enjoy
107	yujunchen	2	This is a popular place to go for us students after exams on Friday. They have an excellent burger selection and the out door patio is now open for business. They have done a great job fixing it up. Live music outside and a decent selection of tap and bottle beers.  Enjoy
108	tinachen	2	Hobnobber is close to my office, and the older male employees make a point to go here weekly. Possibly more than weekly. There really isn't a lot of variety around the 8000 block of Airline in Metairie. Hobnobber is somewhat close by on West Metairie Ave.  Anyway, in the ~2 years that I've worked at my current job, I hadn't tried Hobnobber. I'm not really a seafood fan and their menu consists of a lot of seafood entrees. If you like seafood, this might be the place for you. I finally gave in and accompanied some co-workers last week.   They recommended the Italian entrees, if I wasn't in the mood for seafood. I opted for the eggplant parmesan. While I didn't have high expectations, it was really quite good. I've had better, mind you, but for a quick and reasonably priced lunch, it was nice. Plus, it's a convenient location (for me).  If you are in a hurry, you might want to call ahead and place an order to-go. It's a small space with limited seating, particularly at lunch. Also, if dining in, note that it's one of those places where you order at the counter, the server brings your food, and then you eat. They have a small, limited selection salad bar by the serve-yourself drink machine.  Overall, I wouldn't make the trip here if I had more time for lunch. But, in a pinch, it's good homemade food at a good price.
108	yujunchen	1	Hobnobber is close to my office, and the older male employees make a point to go here weekly. Possibly more than weekly. There really isn't a lot of variety around the 8000 block of Airline in Metairie. Hobnobber is somewhat close by on West Metairie Ave.  Anyway, in the ~2 years that I've worked at my current job, I hadn't tried Hobnobber. I'm not really a seafood fan and their menu consists of a lot of seafood entrees. If you like seafood, this might be the place for you. I finally gave in and accompanied some co-workers last week.   They recommended the Italian entrees, if I wasn't in the mood for seafood. I opted for the eggplant parmesan. While I didn't have high expectations, it was really quite good. I've had better, mind you, but for a quick and reasonably priced lunch, it was nice. Plus, it's a convenient location (for me).  If you are in a hurry, you might want to call ahead and place an order to-go. It's a small space with limited seating, particularly at lunch. Also, if dining in, note that it's one of those places where you order at the counter, the server brings your food, and then you eat. They have a small, limited selection salad bar by the serve-yourself drink machine.  Overall, I wouldn't make the trip here if I had more time for lunch. But, in a pinch, it's good homemade food at a good price.
109	tinachen	3	Cool touristy place right in the heart of it all.  I loved the fact that people were throwing beads in the restaurant through the windows and that floats were passing by as we ate.  However, the service we received was atrocious.  I'd cut the woman some slack if I saw a doctor's note certifying that she was really mute, but she wasn't sharing.  Her response to us ordering was sighing and rolling her eyes.  WTF?  The good thing was,  I was not here to make friends.  I came here with one purpose in life - to slay a mighty roast beef n gravy Po Boy.  It was just what I wanted and more.  So good.  Sweet potato fries are bomb, too.  Good selection of Abita.  Hush puppies were whatever.  Kinda tasteless and underwhelming.  Bread pudding was amazing.  Overall, the food was a 4+, but the service brought my rating down.  I felt like we got one of the only people on Bourbon St. NOT having a good time.
109	yujunchen	3	Cool touristy place right in the heart of it all.  I loved the fact that people were throwing beads in the restaurant through the windows and that floats were passing by as we ate.  However, the service we received was atrocious.  I'd cut the woman some slack if I saw a doctor's note certifying that she was really mute, but she wasn't sharing.  Her response to us ordering was sighing and rolling her eyes.  WTF?  The good thing was,  I was not here to make friends.  I came here with one purpose in life - to slay a mighty roast beef n gravy Po Boy.  It was just what I wanted and more.  So good.  Sweet potato fries are bomb, too.  Good selection of Abita.  Hush puppies were whatever.  Kinda tasteless and underwhelming.  Bread pudding was amazing.  Overall, the food was a 4+, but the service brought my rating down.  I felt like we got one of the only people on Bourbon St. NOT having a good time.
110	tinachen	1	uhhhh the waitress was quite not so nice when i asked for to build my own sandwich with just veggies. i wish she would've known more about the vegan options but apparently she didn't have time and was quite rushed.
110	yujunchen	2	uhhhh the waitress was quite not so nice when i asked for to build my own sandwich with just veggies. i wish she would've known more about the vegan options but apparently she didn't have time and was quite rushed.
111	tinachen	1	Its worth a go.  Although its not huge-trust me your kids will have fun.   Remember to Bring your own towels and I suggest you bring water shoes too. Very Cute-with a retractable roof-which is perfect for the winter time.   Place is kept well enough.   There is a baby/small toddler area with their own slide and water sprinklers.
111	yujunchen	1	Its worth a go.  Although its not huge-trust me your kids will have fun.   Remember to Bring your own towels and I suggest you bring water shoes too. Very Cute-with a retractable roof-which is perfect for the winter time.   Place is kept well enough.   There is a baby/small toddler area with their own slide and water sprinklers.
112	tinachen	2	I guess I'm listed as a "picky" reviewer on Yelp, but this place could be 4 stars if they would address the service problems. Walked in at 7:30, gave the name and waited. Soon there were over a dozen people standing in the waiting area for tables. After 15 minutes the lady I gave my name to came over and asked what the name was again. I asked if we could sit at the 2 top that had been vacant since we walked in and she looked at the empty table and said sure. Ok, but why couldn't we be seated before that??? I do want to add that in between taking names, she was answering the phone, pouring coffee, ringing up checks and bussing tables. This place sorely needs a host or hostess. The couple that came in right behind us waited over 20 minutes to be seated, AND there was another 2 top open behind us. I don't get it. Anyway, the waiter came by, opened the wine and told us about the specials. I guess its picky if you want the wine opened and then given a few minutes to relax before hearing the specials. Anyway, another man came by several minutes later and asked if we were told the specials. We asked for a few minutes and he was very nice and said sure no problem. I will get to the food, but you have to read what else took place to understand why they need someone to co-ordinate the staff. A waitress brought the appetizers and when we were almost done, yet another waitress brought us bread with dipping sauce. Been nice to get the bread first. The dinner was brought out by a different waitress. At the end of the meal the a waitress brought by the dessert cart , which we passed on. The original waiter stopped by to ask about dessert, I said no thanks, but we would like the check. In between we kept trying to get someone's attention because we had asked to take part of an entree home. The waiter was way to busy and basically blew us off, one of the waitress' also passed by, but we couldn't get her to stop. Finally the man that seemed to be the manager came by and he took care of it. Ok, that's the bad news and maybe they were shorthanded , but a lot of other Yelpers note the same problem with service issues. People shouldn't have to sit and wait 15-30 minutes for a table. If this wasn't BYO, then you could always go sit at a bar and have a drink. The other thing is, no one offered to open the wine while we were waiting,as many BYO's will do if they can't seat you on time. Nor, did anyone say sorry about the wait. The food was very good, even as picky as I am. The shrimp tempura was serving of 5 very large gulf shrimp atop a very flavorful asain slaw. The duo, which consists of a crabcake slider and a sirloin slider was great. The crabcake was moist and had ample pieces of lump crabmeat. The sirloin slider was excellent, could of eaten a lot of those. The entree's were also top notch. The special Grouper with beans and crab was moist, cooked perfectly and had a nice red pepper sauce on the bottom. As most of the reviews talk about here, the Lobster ravioli is as good as anywhere in this area. The pasta was light, the ravioli was stuffed with lobster meat and the sauce was great. Like I said, take care of the service and seating issues and this is a 4 star. They do have their own lot, but you probably will have to park across the street if it's a weened night. I was glad I put this address in the nav system because at night and the first time there it's a little hard to find. Will give them another try in hopes the service improves.
112	yujunchen	2	I guess I'm listed as a "picky" reviewer on Yelp, but this place could be 4 stars if they would address the service problems. Walked in at 7:30, gave the name and waited. Soon there were over a dozen people standing in the waiting area for tables. After 15 minutes the lady I gave my name to came over and asked what the name was again. I asked if we could sit at the 2 top that had been vacant since we walked in and she looked at the empty table and said sure. Ok, but why couldn't we be seated before that??? I do want to add that in between taking names, she was answering the phone, pouring coffee, ringing up checks and bussing tables. This place sorely needs a host or hostess. The couple that came in right behind us waited over 20 minutes to be seated, AND there was another 2 top open behind us. I don't get it. Anyway, the waiter came by, opened the wine and told us about the specials. I guess its picky if you want the wine opened and then given a few minutes to relax before hearing the specials. Anyway, another man came by several minutes later and asked if we were told the specials. We asked for a few minutes and he was very nice and said sure no problem. I will get to the food, but you have to read what else took place to understand why they need someone to co-ordinate the staff. A waitress brought the appetizers and when we were almost done, yet another waitress brought us bread with dipping sauce. Been nice to get the bread first. The dinner was brought out by a different waitress. At the end of the meal the a waitress brought by the dessert cart , which we passed on. The original waiter stopped by to ask about dessert, I said no thanks, but we would like the check. In between we kept trying to get someone's attention because we had asked to take part of an entree home. The waiter was way to busy and basically blew us off, one of the waitress' also passed by, but we couldn't get her to stop. Finally the man that seemed to be the manager came by and he took care of it. Ok, that's the bad news and maybe they were shorthanded , but a lot of other Yelpers note the same problem with service issues. People shouldn't have to sit and wait 15-30 minutes for a table. If this wasn't BYO, then you could always go sit at a bar and have a drink. The other thing is, no one offered to open the wine while we were waiting,as many BYO's will do if they can't seat you on time. Nor, did anyone say sorry about the wait. The food was very good, even as picky as I am. The shrimp tempura was serving of 5 very large gulf shrimp atop a very flavorful asain slaw. The duo, which consists of a crabcake slider and a sirloin slider was great. The crabcake was moist and had ample pieces of lump crabmeat. The sirloin slider was excellent, could of eaten a lot of those. The entree's were also top notch. The special Grouper with beans and crab was moist, cooked perfectly and had a nice red pepper sauce on the bottom. As most of the reviews talk about here, the Lobster ravioli is as good as anywhere in this area. The pasta was light, the ravioli was stuffed with lobster meat and the sauce was great. Like I said, take care of the service and seating issues and this is a 4 star. They do have their own lot, but you probably will have to park across the street if it's a weened night. I was glad I put this address in the nav system because at night and the first time there it's a little hard to find. Will give them another try in hopes the service improves.
113	tinachen	1	Love their juice double burgers with bacon and cheese. Their new location at la Cumbre Plaza offer even better burgers.
113	yujunchen	2	Love their juice double burgers with bacon and cheese. Their new location at la Cumbre Plaza offer even better burgers.
114	tinachen	1	Decent, centrally located hotel but hurt by thin walls and poor attention to detail by the housekeeping staff.
114	yujunchen	1	Decent, centrally located hotel but hurt by thin walls and poor attention to detail by the housekeeping staff.
115	tinachen	1	Ate Here Today the appetizers are good. Had the  fried Calamari was very good! I had the pasta an didnt really like it.But ate it it was really  too much garlic.I"ll come here for the  appetizers!
115	yujunchen	1	Ate Here Today the appetizers are good. Had the  fried Calamari was very good! I had the pasta an didnt really like it.But ate it it was really  too much garlic.I"ll come here for the  appetizers!
116	tinachen	2	Went out for a late dinner in a city we did not know very well, after a few blocks saw this very nice looking restaurant in a area with many bars but weren't in the mood for bar food...meatball app was great so was the gravy that came with it, the caponata was good too and burrata just needed some seasoning.  Ordered personal pizzas a margherita and then a clam/bacon but said panchetta on menu they both tastes great hot! But one cooled back at the hotel room tasted bad for some reason.  As a side ordered broccoli rabe which cost 6 bucks but the serving size looked like a 3 buck suggestion, the rabe was not bitter at all the freshest i'ver eaten prepared in oil and garlic just a bit too much red pepper flakes...but still damn good
116	yujunchen	3	Went out for a late dinner in a city we did not know very well, after a few blocks saw this very nice looking restaurant in a area with many bars but weren't in the mood for bar food...meatball app was great so was the gravy that came with it, the caponata was good too and burrata just needed some seasoning.  Ordered personal pizzas a margherita and then a clam/bacon but said panchetta on menu they both tastes great hot! But one cooled back at the hotel room tasted bad for some reason.  As a side ordered broccoli rabe which cost 6 bucks but the serving size looked like a 3 buck suggestion, the rabe was not bitter at all the freshest i'ver eaten prepared in oil and garlic just a bit too much red pepper flakes...but still damn good
117	tinachen	2	Cute little date spot tucked away down town Edmonton.Good service and good food.Was very happy with the Venison tenderloin and blue cheese gnocchi.Plating was very nice and the cook on the Venison was very good.My wife loved the lobster tail as well!
117	yujunchen	2	Cute little date spot tucked away down town Edmonton.Good service and good food.Was very happy with the Venison tenderloin and blue cheese gnocchi.Plating was very nice and the cook on the Venison was very good.My wife loved the lobster tail as well!
118	tinachen	2	Fantastic appetizers, average service, average main course.  As a couple we had calamari and steak carpaccio for appetizer.  Some of the best cooked calamari I've ever had.  Had langoustine with pasta and gnocchi.  Pasta didn't seem hand made.  Gnocchi was but was heavy.  Large portions.  Decor ok.  Looked like the back office was in the restaurant which was a little off-putting.  Will likely go back just, if just for the calamari!
118	yujunchen	2	Fantastic appetizers, average service, average main course.  As a couple we had calamari and steak carpaccio for appetizer.  Some of the best cooked calamari I've ever had.  Had langoustine with pasta and gnocchi.  Pasta didn't seem hand made.  Gnocchi was but was heavy.  Large portions.  Decor ok.  Looked like the back office was in the restaurant which was a little off-putting.  Will likely go back just, if just for the calamari!
119	tinachen	1	Customer service is where it's at. Look at this place. Decent lunch and breakfast food. I mean it all tastes great but it's just basic stuff, nothing different from the trucks on campus. Except one thing.. RICHIE! He's the man, he's made himself a local celebrity on campus with his great attitude and awesome service. I'm telling you he's a genius because why do I choose to come here over any other place on campus? Richie of course.
119	yujunchen	2	Customer service is where it's at. Look at this place. Decent lunch and breakfast food. I mean it all tastes great but it's just basic stuff, nothing different from the trucks on campus. Except one thing.. RICHIE! He's the man, he's made himself a local celebrity on campus with his great attitude and awesome service. I'm telling you he's a genius because why do I choose to come here over any other place on campus? Richie of course.
120	tinachen	1	Went on a Saturday around lunch time. Very quiet. I was about the only one there. Sushi was ok. Ordered the eel roll and the Screaming Tuna roll. The eel on the roll was minuscule and the roll was dominated by enormous pieces of cucumber. The tuna roll was better and topped with scallions and masago. The obligatory side of ginger (which I'm not sure is really necessary) was of the kind dyed red, completely unnatural. Ginger is pale yellow or tan colored. Cordial service by the only server but he seemed bored as did the chef behind the counter.  Might try again if I'm in the mood and in the area.
120	yujunchen	1	Went on a Saturday around lunch time. Very quiet. I was about the only one there. Sushi was ok. Ordered the eel roll and the Screaming Tuna roll. The eel on the roll was minuscule and the roll was dominated by enormous pieces of cucumber. The tuna roll was better and topped with scallions and masago. The obligatory side of ginger (which I'm not sure is really necessary) was of the kind dyed red, completely unnatural. Ginger is pale yellow or tan colored. Cordial service by the only server but he seemed bored as did the chef behind the counter.  Might try again if I'm in the mood and in the area.
121	tinachen	2	I really think Herbie's is more in the 3.5 stars range, and it could be bumped up to 4 after we try out their brunch (heard it's amazing!) or some of their cocktails that other reviewers raved about.  Not sure if this place is ever crowded, but it certainly was fairly empty on a Wednesday night, so we were seated immediately.  I love sitting in the patio area with the view of Euclid.  Food: 1) Corn Chowder (special) - heard it was pretty good. 2) Ligurian Shrimp Pasta - nice and fresh.  It def had a spicy kick to it, but not so much that someone like me who can't handle spiciness was able to enjoy a few bites.  Shrimp was cooked perfectly and were pretty large. 3) Lobster Mac & Cheese (special) - pretty good.  Not swamped in cheese, though it lacked a little flavor (nothing some salt didn't fix).  Pretty big pieces of lobster.
121	yujunchen	2	I really think Herbie's is more in the 3.5 stars range, and it could be bumped up to 4 after we try out their brunch (heard it's amazing!) or some of their cocktails that other reviewers raved about.  Not sure if this place is ever crowded, but it certainly was fairly empty on a Wednesday night, so we were seated immediately.  I love sitting in the patio area with the view of Euclid.  Food: 1) Corn Chowder (special) - heard it was pretty good. 2) Ligurian Shrimp Pasta - nice and fresh.  It def had a spicy kick to it, but not so much that someone like me who can't handle spiciness was able to enjoy a few bites.  Shrimp was cooked perfectly and were pretty large. 3) Lobster Mac & Cheese (special) - pretty good.  Not swamped in cheese, though it lacked a little flavor (nothing some salt didn't fix).  Pretty big pieces of lobster.
122	tinachen	1	I'll never give 1 or 2 stars for a restaurant because I don't feel that does any good and it takes a lot to be that bad.  I just got home after ordering takeout and I ordered the buffalo grilled chicken wrap. Well it's only grilled chicken minus the buffalo sauce. Not a big deal, but for the life of me, I can't seem to get a to-go order that is right when I leave this place. I blame the cook not doing his or her job and lack of management oversight.   I think I've given up on to-go orders here.
122	yujunchen	1	I'll never give 1 or 2 stars for a restaurant because I don't feel that does any good and it takes a lot to be that bad.  I just got home after ordering takeout and I ordered the buffalo grilled chicken wrap. Well it's only grilled chicken minus the buffalo sauce. Not a big deal, but for the life of me, I can't seem to get a to-go order that is right when I leave this place. I blame the cook not doing his or her job and lack of management oversight.   I think I've given up on to-go orders here.
123	tinachen	1	Experienced this restaurant 8-04-2013 with friends. We decided to sit in the courtyard, which had a lovely ambiance. However the the square table for four was much more suited to a table for two, really felt cramped.  The wines we chose were really good we had the cabernet sauvignon and our friend had the malbec which she really enjoyed.  For Dinner I chose the Salmone Campagnolo, the mash potatoes were great however the salmon was definately overcooked and very dry and lacked flavor. Everyone else chose the Saltimbocca, which was also nothing special, have had better on the hill.   Visited August 2013
123	yujunchen	2	Experienced this restaurant 8-04-2013 with friends. We decided to sit in the courtyard, which had a lovely ambiance. However the the square table for four was much more suited to a table for two, really felt cramped.  The wines we chose were really good we had the cabernet sauvignon and our friend had the malbec which she really enjoyed.  For Dinner I chose the Salmone Campagnolo, the mash potatoes were great however the salmon was definately overcooked and very dry and lacked flavor. Everyone else chose the Saltimbocca, which was also nothing special, have had better on the hill.   Visited August 2013
124	tinachen	4	Was in Philly this past weekend. I usually stay in Center City but all the hotels in the area were sold out because of the Equality Forum. I scored a decent rate of $120/night + tax through Expedia.  In any event, I enjoyed the overall vibe of the place. I checked in around 2:30pm. I was greeted by the handsome, energetic front desk clerk and directed to room 225.  While room 225 was definitely one of the larger rooms in the hotel, there's a reason for that. It was a double room designed for someone who uses a wheelchair. I was only staying one night so I didn't bother making a big fuss about it, but I did enjoy the larger size. Some of the accessibility "extras", like everything being REALLY low for easier access, took some getting used to. The bathroom area was equally huge, with easy access to the sink and closet area, as well as a water closet and roll-in shower tucked behind a huge sliding door. The shower itself had one of those detachable shower heads as well as a gym-shower style dispenser with body wash and shampoo.   As for the bed, other than being ridiculously low to the floor (again, for easier access for those in wheelchairs), it was pretty comfortable and I slept pretty soundly. The TV had a decent selection of HDTV channels. Complementary water and coffee was in the room, as well as a mini-fridge in the bathroom area in case you wanted to keep drinks or meds cool.   The parking fee was $9 with in/out privileges. You had to get a new ticket every time you entered and the front desk would stamp it when you wanted to leave the lot. The lot is pretty large and shared with two other Sheraton properties (They also run a shared shuttle in case you're going to or from the airport.).    I took a quick look at the pool area. It was pretty empty but again, it's early May and that's to be expected, I guess. There's not much choices for food onsite, other than a quick-service area that's a tad overpriced (again, to be expected). You can drive north maybe 5 minutes on Island Avenue for fast food if you needed to. The bar area looked fun, but again, it was pretty empty for a Saturday.  All in all, if I had to stay outside of Center City Philadelphia again, I'd probably stay here. They really should put one of these in Center City, if you ask me. It'd be perfect.
124	yujunchen	4	Was in Philly this past weekend. I usually stay in Center City but all the hotels in the area were sold out because of the Equality Forum. I scored a decent rate of $120/night + tax through Expedia.  In any event, I enjoyed the overall vibe of the place. I checked in around 2:30pm. I was greeted by the handsome, energetic front desk clerk and directed to room 225.  While room 225 was definitely one of the larger rooms in the hotel, there's a reason for that. It was a double room designed for someone who uses a wheelchair. I was only staying one night so I didn't bother making a big fuss about it, but I did enjoy the larger size. Some of the accessibility "extras", like everything being REALLY low for easier access, took some getting used to. The bathroom area was equally huge, with easy access to the sink and closet area, as well as a water closet and roll-in shower tucked behind a huge sliding door. The shower itself had one of those detachable shower heads as well as a gym-shower style dispenser with body wash and shampoo.   As for the bed, other than being ridiculously low to the floor (again, for easier access for those in wheelchairs), it was pretty comfortable and I slept pretty soundly. The TV had a decent selection of HDTV channels. Complementary water and coffee was in the room, as well as a mini-fridge in the bathroom area in case you wanted to keep drinks or meds cool.   The parking fee was $9 with in/out privileges. You had to get a new ticket every time you entered and the front desk would stamp it when you wanted to leave the lot. The lot is pretty large and shared with two other Sheraton properties (They also run a shared shuttle in case you're going to or from the airport.).    I took a quick look at the pool area. It was pretty empty but again, it's early May and that's to be expected, I guess. There's not much choices for food onsite, other than a quick-service area that's a tad overpriced (again, to be expected). You can drive north maybe 5 minutes on Island Avenue for fast food if you needed to. The bar area looked fun, but again, it was pretty empty for a Saturday.  All in all, if I had to stay outside of Center City Philadelphia again, I'd probably stay here. They really should put one of these in Center City, if you ask me. It'd be perfect.
125	tinachen	2	GET HERE EARLY.  This place gets packed  soon afterwards, and I am not lying when I tell you that the line for service can get a little intense.    Luckily, there is a sheet to sign in that lets the staff know who is set to go next, but when I went last Sunday, the girl that works the front desk wasn't in yet, the shop was super short-staffed, and it was basically pandemonium.  It reminded me of Mad Max at the Thunderdome as women hoarded nail polish shades, just to be sure they had a choice in the matter when their time came.  Seats were stolen, bitchy looks were exchanged, and it was just not pretty.    Once I made it to the back, only slightly worse for the wear, I received adequate service. Though it sort of goes without saying, I preferred the guy that did my manicure, who actually massaged my hands and arms, to the distracted girl that did my pedicure.  She was much more concerned with the Kardashians over her right shoulder and her cell phone in her lap to really worry about me.  She barely massaged my feet or legs at all, and, honestly, isn't that 90% of the experience?
125	yujunchen	3	GET HERE EARLY.  This place gets packed  soon afterwards, and I am not lying when I tell you that the line for service can get a little intense.    Luckily, there is a sheet to sign in that lets the staff know who is set to go next, but when I went last Sunday, the girl that works the front desk wasn't in yet, the shop was super short-staffed, and it was basically pandemonium.  It reminded me of Mad Max at the Thunderdome as women hoarded nail polish shades, just to be sure they had a choice in the matter when their time came.  Seats were stolen, bitchy looks were exchanged, and it was just not pretty.    Once I made it to the back, only slightly worse for the wear, I received adequate service. Though it sort of goes without saying, I preferred the guy that did my manicure, who actually massaged my hands and arms, to the distracted girl that did my pedicure.  She was much more concerned with the Kardashians over her right shoulder and her cell phone in her lap to really worry about me.  She barely massaged my feet or legs at all, and, honestly, isn't that 90% of the experience?
126	tinachen	1	If you want to get in and out quick, this KFC/Taco Bell is "ok" for a fast food place.    I went with my brother early evening, and got two hot wing boxes.  The chicken wings were a little over cooked and overpriced.  I wouldn't say you get a great value for portion sizes.  The hours are not late at this location.  The few times I have been here, the food hasn't so been great either... Overall, customer service is pretty good.    Go here if you're having a craving for either Taco Bell or KFC.   :) xoxo
126	yujunchen	1	If you want to get in and out quick, this KFC/Taco Bell is "ok" for a fast food place.    I went with my brother early evening, and got two hot wing boxes.  The chicken wings were a little over cooked and overpriced.  I wouldn't say you get a great value for portion sizes.  The hours are not late at this location.  The few times I have been here, the food hasn't so been great either... Overall, customer service is pretty good.    Go here if you're having a craving for either Taco Bell or KFC.   :) xoxo
127	tinachen	1	We have been going here for three years now on a weekly basis and it is consistently good every time!  Tried almost everything on the menu and haven't had anything bad yet.  Patron margaritas are the best!  Chips and salsa are never ending!  Never too crowded and always seated quickly.  Friendly staff remembers us  ;)  Update:  place is going downhill now. :(.
127	yujunchen	2	We have been going here for three years now on a weekly basis and it is consistently good every time!  Tried almost everything on the menu and haven't had anything bad yet.  Patron margaritas are the best!  Chips and salsa are never ending!  Never too crowded and always seated quickly.  Friendly staff remembers us  ;)  Update:  place is going downhill now. :(.
128	tinachen	2	The service here was great. Someone greeted me as soon as I walked in, the guy who took my order was very friendly, and the person who cleared my table asked me if I needed a refill or was just in general very cheery.  Not too impressed with the food though. The cucumber salad was delicious, so make sure you order that as your side - but admittedly it's a dish that's kind of hard to screw up. The wrap I got tasted okay, but it tasted like it was made in a microwave (not sure, maybe it was). In general the food reminded me of a mediterranean version of Panera. I don't like Panera either, so if you think the food there is awesome maybe you will like this place more than I did. The best way I can think to describe it is like the food you might get on a fancy mediterranean airline. It was edible and had some nice flavors, but just wasn't great. Without the very friendly service, I would have given this place 2 stars.
128	yujunchen	2	The service here was great. Someone greeted me as soon as I walked in, the guy who took my order was very friendly, and the person who cleared my table asked me if I needed a refill or was just in general very cheery.  Not too impressed with the food though. The cucumber salad was delicious, so make sure you order that as your side - but admittedly it's a dish that's kind of hard to screw up. The wrap I got tasted okay, but it tasted like it was made in a microwave (not sure, maybe it was). In general the food reminded me of a mediterranean version of Panera. I don't like Panera either, so if you think the food there is awesome maybe you will like this place more than I did. The best way I can think to describe it is like the food you might get on a fancy mediterranean airline. It was edible and had some nice flavors, but just wasn't great. Without the very friendly service, I would have given this place 2 stars.
129	tinachen	2	The chargrilled oysters are amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is being the service was kind of terrible. My shrimp po boy was awesome, but my sister said her alligator po boy was just okay.
129	yujunchen	2	The chargrilled oysters are amazing! The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is being the service was kind of terrible. My shrimp po boy was awesome, but my sister said her alligator po boy was just okay.
130	tinachen	1	This is the best pizza by far in Reno. Crisp crust and loaded with toppings. it was AMAZING!
130	yujunchen	2	This is the best pizza by far in Reno. Crisp crust and loaded with toppings. it was AMAZING!
131	tinachen	1	Maybe I'll write an updated review bc I really want to try it again but from hearing other people talk about this place, I wasn't that impressed. I got the creole strawberry which tasted like vanilla ice cream with some strawberries (which didn't even taste "in season"). I should have tried some of their other flavors. Maybe next time.
131	yujunchen	1	Maybe I'll write an updated review bc I really want to try it again but from hearing other people talk about this place, I wasn't that impressed. I got the creole strawberry which tasted like vanilla ice cream with some strawberries (which didn't even taste "in season"). I should have tried some of their other flavors. Maybe next time.
132	tinachen	1	Decent, consistent food. If you're in the CBD, they make solid food for a quick lunch or happy hour.
132	yujunchen	1	Decent, consistent food. If you're in the CBD, they make solid food for a quick lunch or happy hour.
133	tinachen	4	I wish I could write two reviews, because my two experiences here were night and day.  My partner and I went here twice during our trip. The first time was great. Bar was busy, but we snagged a spot to stand and got great service. Between the delicious cocktails (peanut infusion is a real treat), the upbeat music, and friendly patrons and staff, we thought we had found our spot for the rest of our trip.  The second time was much different. Although the bar was pretty empty, the two bartenders ignored us after our first drink order, chatting up and serving other patrons, but letting our drinks sit empty for over 15 minutes, despite our efforts to catch their eye. It appeared they'd determined middle-aged patrons were a better source of tips and saved their charm for them. When one server finally checked in with us (asking abruptly if we were okay, not suggesting another cocktail or anything to make us feel welcome), our mood had been soured and so we passed on the second drink we'd been planning and moved on to Batch up the street, where the cocktails are just as good and the bartender was happy to serve them.  Sad to offer a less than hearty recommendation because our first trip here was so great. Another review here suggested different experiences based on bartenders, so I guess we're not alone in finding up hut and miss. We will peak in the window to identify rage bartender before entering on our next trip,
133	yujunchen	4	I wish I could write two reviews, because my two experiences here were night and day.  My partner and I went here twice during our trip. The first time was great. Bar was busy, but we snagged a spot to stand and got great service. Between the delicious cocktails (peanut infusion is a real treat), the upbeat music, and friendly patrons and staff, we thought we had found our spot for the rest of our trip.  The second time was much different. Although the bar was pretty empty, the two bartenders ignored us after our first drink order, chatting up and serving other patrons, but letting our drinks sit empty for over 15 minutes, despite our efforts to catch their eye. It appeared they'd determined middle-aged patrons were a better source of tips and saved their charm for them. When one server finally checked in with us (asking abruptly if we were okay, not suggesting another cocktail or anything to make us feel welcome), our mood had been soured and so we passed on the second drink we'd been planning and moved on to Batch up the street, where the cocktails are just as good and the bartender was happy to serve them.  Sad to offer a less than hearty recommendation because our first trip here was so great. Another review here suggested different experiences based on bartenders, so I guess we're not alone in finding up hut and miss. We will peak in the window to identify rage bartender before entering on our next trip,
134	tinachen	2	Let me start with the positive. The staff and customer service here is exceptional. They will go out of their way to make things right for you and accommodate your needs. However, the hotel facilities they have to work with is in dire need of renovation. The shower in our room dripped all night long; the toilet would not flush properly; consequently it repeatedly overflowed; the tile in the bathroom was broken in several places and dirt had accumulated in the large chipped areas; the facing on the bathroom sink had a huge crack and the toilet paper holder was falling out of the facing; attempts to fix the facing was evident by spackle smeared near the crack and gloves of glue around the toilet paper holder. The furniture in the living are was visibly soiled and the lamp shade in the bedroom was broke.  It's unfortunate that Hilton does not renovate this hotel. The staff was awesome and it would be a shame for them to lose business due to the outdated and falling apart facilities.
134	yujunchen	2	Let me start with the positive. The staff and customer service here is exceptional. They will go out of their way to make things right for you and accommodate your needs. However, the hotel facilities they have to work with is in dire need of renovation. The shower in our room dripped all night long; the toilet would not flush properly; consequently it repeatedly overflowed; the tile in the bathroom was broken in several places and dirt had accumulated in the large chipped areas; the facing on the bathroom sink had a huge crack and the toilet paper holder was falling out of the facing; attempts to fix the facing was evident by spackle smeared near the crack and gloves of glue around the toilet paper holder. The furniture in the living are was visibly soiled and the lamp shade in the bedroom was broke.  It's unfortunate that Hilton does not renovate this hotel. The staff was awesome and it would be a shame for them to lose business due to the outdated and falling apart facilities.
135	tinachen	2	Well maintained and looks clean. More equipped than the Ina/Shannon location. The personal training area however, is monopolized by some bushmaster. Soon as I stepped foot in there she had to jump in and intervene on my workout. Wouldn't even allow me use of a small portion of the floor away from her client session. I am free to workout in the personal training area at the other location which I miss right now since it is being renovated. Other than the bushmaster, it is a great facility.
135	yujunchen	2	Well maintained and looks clean. More equipped than the Ina/Shannon location. The personal training area however, is monopolized by some bushmaster. Soon as I stepped foot in there she had to jump in and intervene on my workout. Wouldn't even allow me use of a small portion of the floor away from her client session. I am free to workout in the personal training area at the other location which I miss right now since it is being renovated. Other than the bushmaster, it is a great facility.
136	tinachen	1	I went to Milktooth over the weekend and I really wanted to love it but it was just okay.  I read through a few of the reviews before going and wasn't surprised that they were out of the fried chicken when I got there.  I wasn't planning on ordering it anyway but someone in my group tried to.    I ended up going with the lamb patty melt and while it was good...it wasn't great.  I love having an egg on my sandwich so that was a highlight.  The lamb wasn't that great and it tasted like they combined the lamb meat with some sort of sausage but it don't state so on the menu.   The french fries were good but nothing special.  The lamb stew was the other item I was considering getting so maybe it would be worth going back and trying that.    If you're a vegetarian you probably want to avoid this place all together because it's not very veggie friendly.  And don't think you can go and order something (like the waffle) without the bacon because your requests for revisions will be "politely declined" as it states on the menu.   I like that they tell you ahead of time but it doesn't seem like it would be a terrible thing to request that the cook doesn't sprinkle the bacon on top of the waffle.   They do have some very interesting drinks and I would consider going there to grab a coffee because the process for coffee seemed to be quite intricate.    I will say that the their menu has changed since they opened and a lot of what was mentioned in previous reviews is no longer on the menu.
136	yujunchen	1	I went to Milktooth over the weekend and I really wanted to love it but it was just okay.  I read through a few of the reviews before going and wasn't surprised that they were out of the fried chicken when I got there.  I wasn't planning on ordering it anyway but someone in my group tried to.    I ended up going with the lamb patty melt and while it was good...it wasn't great.  I love having an egg on my sandwich so that was a highlight.  The lamb wasn't that great and it tasted like they combined the lamb meat with some sort of sausage but it don't state so on the menu.   The french fries were good but nothing special.  The lamb stew was the other item I was considering getting so maybe it would be worth going back and trying that.    If you're a vegetarian you probably want to avoid this place all together because it's not very veggie friendly.  And don't think you can go and order something (like the waffle) without the bacon because your requests for revisions will be "politely declined" as it states on the menu.   I like that they tell you ahead of time but it doesn't seem like it would be a terrible thing to request that the cook doesn't sprinkle the bacon on top of the waffle.   They do have some very interesting drinks and I would consider going there to grab a coffee because the process for coffee seemed to be quite intricate.    I will say that the their menu has changed since they opened and a lot of what was mentioned in previous reviews is no longer on the menu.
137	tinachen	1	Please Sheraton, put this hotel next on your list for renovations.  Our room kind of looks like like a tag sale of furniture acquired between 1970 and 2000, and the grout in the bathroom has turned pretty black.  In fact, it looks just like I remember Sheratons looking when I stayed in them as a kid. And, the fitness center has a ripped up treadmill, loud elliptical, and ceilings not exactly conducive to a tall man lifting weights.  Bright spots were the lemonade at afternoon check-in, the 1875 watt hairdryer, and if we were the wedding (or prom) crashing types, it would be easy at the Sheraton.    Given the choice, I'd stay elsewhere (after a string of bad Starwood experiences, the chain has yet to redeem itself), but hotel rooms were in short supply.
137	yujunchen	2	Please Sheraton, put this hotel next on your list for renovations.  Our room kind of looks like like a tag sale of furniture acquired between 1970 and 2000, and the grout in the bathroom has turned pretty black.  In fact, it looks just like I remember Sheratons looking when I stayed in them as a kid. And, the fitness center has a ripped up treadmill, loud elliptical, and ceilings not exactly conducive to a tall man lifting weights.  Bright spots were the lemonade at afternoon check-in, the 1875 watt hairdryer, and if we were the wedding (or prom) crashing types, it would be easy at the Sheraton.    Given the choice, I'd stay elsewhere (after a string of bad Starwood experiences, the chain has yet to redeem itself), but hotel rooms were in short supply.
138	tinachen	3	Been coming to Casa for 10 years. Only ate in the restaurant side twice! I am a bar guy! The best margaritas in town for the money and I have had them all over town. Bean dip is great and salsa is usually very good, although inconsistent.  Food is usually good, although also hit and miss depending on the kitchen staff on a given night. Sit at the bar and talk with long-time bartender Dave. He will keep laughing and well libated. In short,  if you are looking for decent (sometimes very good) food, great margaritas,  and a very good bartender,  this might be your spot. Zero in on one or two menu items and enjoy the drinks and company.
138	yujunchen	3	Been coming to Casa for 10 years. Only ate in the restaurant side twice! I am a bar guy! The best margaritas in town for the money and I have had them all over town. Bean dip is great and salsa is usually very good, although inconsistent.  Food is usually good, although also hit and miss depending on the kitchen staff on a given night. Sit at the bar and talk with long-time bartender Dave. He will keep laughing and well libated. In short,  if you are looking for decent (sometimes very good) food, great margaritas,  and a very good bartender,  this might be your spot. Zero in on one or two menu items and enjoy the drinks and company.
139	tinachen	2	I ordered the chicken enchiladas and was rather pleased with them. I wouldn't say they're better than any other place, but they were satisfying. I didn't enjoy the beans that came with them, though. They were a little bitter in my opinion. The rice was dry.  This doesn't affect my view of the place, but the plate was so dang hot! I accidentally touched the edge of the plate with my pinky and burned myself instantly. I now have a fat blister because of it.
139	yujunchen	2	I ordered the chicken enchiladas and was rather pleased with them. I wouldn't say they're better than any other place, but they were satisfying. I didn't enjoy the beans that came with them, though. They were a little bitter in my opinion. The rice was dry.  This doesn't affect my view of the place, but the plate was so dang hot! I accidentally touched the edge of the plate with my pinky and burned myself instantly. I now have a fat blister because of it.
140	tinachen	3	Love this place! It was my first time here a couple weeks ago but every single hair seems to be growing in just fine. Molly cut my hair and did a great job. From the reviews it seems as though everyone there is great though. I heard through the grape vine and reading other reviews on here they offer you a glass of wine, beer, or rum. But for some reason I was only offered a glass of water or coffee. As a home brewer myself and total beer geek I was totally bummed I wasn't offered the beer but totally got over it with the great service, hospitality, and overall atmosphere there.   Highly recommend this place.  Went back a couple more times, and had a bad experience the last time.
140	yujunchen	3	Love this place! It was my first time here a couple weeks ago but every single hair seems to be growing in just fine. Molly cut my hair and did a great job. From the reviews it seems as though everyone there is great though. I heard through the grape vine and reading other reviews on here they offer you a glass of wine, beer, or rum. But for some reason I was only offered a glass of water or coffee. As a home brewer myself and total beer geek I was totally bummed I wasn't offered the beer but totally got over it with the great service, hospitality, and overall atmosphere there.   Highly recommend this place.  Went back a couple more times, and had a bad experience the last time.
141	tinachen	1	I miss Mexically, but if you can't make the trek/wait in line for Don Memos then this is a decent option.  Most recently I had the chicken tostada.  It was a ton of food, but it didn't wow me.  The flavors are kind of bland.  I wish they didn't charge for guacamole.  It's cheap, quick Mexican style food.
141	yujunchen	1	I miss Mexically, but if you can't make the trek/wait in line for Don Memos then this is a decent option.  Most recently I had the chicken tostada.  It was a ton of food, but it didn't wow me.  The flavors are kind of bland.  I wish they didn't charge for guacamole.  It's cheap, quick Mexican style food.
142	tinachen	1	Not value for money. Quantity is very less as compared to the price paid.  Overall Ok restaurant.
142	yujunchen	1	Not value for money. Quantity is very less as compared to the price paid.  Overall Ok restaurant.
143	tinachen	2	Why is it that ALL Anthros have dressing rooms that seem lit by a candle on the verge of flickering out?  The longer dresses on the first floor are usually amazing.  The rest...well, there are no must-have items anymore. Lack of essential wearability/usefulness seems to be hitting a lot of women's clothing stores these days.
143	yujunchen	2	Why is it that ALL Anthros have dressing rooms that seem lit by a candle on the verge of flickering out?  The longer dresses on the first floor are usually amazing.  The rest...well, there are no must-have items anymore. Lack of essential wearability/usefulness seems to be hitting a lot of women's clothing stores these days.
144	tinachen	2	I ordered the combo vermicelli and was pretty disappointed. The meat portion was very small compared to the huge portion of rice noodle they gave me make it look like there's a lot of food. The combo cake with 2 bland shrimp, 1 eggroll and a few pieces of marinated beef. I also ordered an iced viet coffee which was pretty decent. It wasn't as strong as the ones you would get from 626 or OC area. However, it's pretty good coming from SB. I think they diluted the flavor a bit as well. Overall, I would come back for their viet coffee but not for their main course.
144	yujunchen	2	I ordered the combo vermicelli and was pretty disappointed. The meat portion was very small compared to the huge portion of rice noodle they gave me make it look like there's a lot of food. The combo cake with 2 bland shrimp, 1 eggroll and a few pieces of marinated beef. I also ordered an iced viet coffee which was pretty decent. It wasn't as strong as the ones you would get from 626 or OC area. However, it's pretty good coming from SB. I think they diluted the flavor a bit as well. Overall, I would come back for their viet coffee but not for their main course.
145	tinachen	1	The food was good and the staff was nice, but we arrives at the start of the breakfast rush and it took a long time to get food to the table.
145	yujunchen	1	The food was good and the staff was nice, but we arrives at the start of the breakfast rush and it took a long time to get food to the table.
146	tinachen	2	Super cute place! Came during lunch and I had the fig salad and it was really good although I'd probably ask for the dressing on the side next time since it was a bit much for me. Would definitely go again for another day date!
146	yujunchen	2	Super cute place! Came during lunch and I had the fig salad and it was really good although I'd probably ask for the dressing on the side next time since it was a bit much for me. Would definitely go again for another day date!
147	tinachen	2	The staff are lovely and the interior is modern, but the food is entirely mediocre. Small portion sizes, which would be fine except that these "tapas" are priced up to $20. The fried chicken was tasty, but the herb garlic chicken was just bizarre in taste. And somehow each dish was topped with the same spring greens mix for no apparent reason than to take up more space on the plate. It's a nice trendy place for a drink, but go only for the atmosphere and not for the food.
147	yujunchen	3	The staff are lovely and the interior is modern, but the food is entirely mediocre. Small portion sizes, which would be fine except that these "tapas" are priced up to $20. The fried chicken was tasty, but the herb garlic chicken was just bizarre in taste. And somehow each dish was topped with the same spring greens mix for no apparent reason than to take up more space on the plate. It's a nice trendy place for a drink, but go only for the atmosphere and not for the food.
148	tinachen	3	We were staying on Bourbon Street and passed by this place several times. The balcony looked like a cool place to hang out and I love a good burger so we decided to have lunch here. The balcony tables seem to be the first to fill probably because it overlooks Bourbon Street. The hostess seated us at the last available table. We got lucky.    The service was slow. We were here well over an hour. The time between getting our drinks, taking our order, and getting our food was pretty long. Even getting our check took forever but our server was very friendly. It was a good thing we weren't in a hurry.   My husband and I ordered build your own burgers with tater tots. Menu stated two patties with your choice of cheese and condiments. I thought that has to be huge but I didn't see a single patty option. When the burger arrived I realized why it was two patties. They were thin. Mine were very crisp as in overcooked but at least they were warm. My husband's were cold. The tots were ok. The burger was edible but not great which was disappointing considering burger is in the name.
148	yujunchen	2	We were staying on Bourbon Street and passed by this place several times. The balcony looked like a cool place to hang out and I love a good burger so we decided to have lunch here. The balcony tables seem to be the first to fill probably because it overlooks Bourbon Street. The hostess seated us at the last available table. We got lucky.    The service was slow. We were here well over an hour. The time between getting our drinks, taking our order, and getting our food was pretty long. Even getting our check took forever but our server was very friendly. It was a good thing we weren't in a hurry.   My husband and I ordered build your own burgers with tater tots. Menu stated two patties with your choice of cheese and condiments. I thought that has to be huge but I didn't see a single patty option. When the burger arrived I realized why it was two patties. They were thin. Mine were very crisp as in overcooked but at least they were warm. My husband's were cold. The tots were ok. The burger was edible but not great which was disappointing considering burger is in the name.
149	tinachen	1	It's a salad place like saladworks. Lettuce had thick stems, chickpea hot topping wasn't too flavorful.
149	yujunchen	1	It's a salad place like saladworks. Lettuce had thick stems, chickpea hot topping wasn't too flavorful.
150	tinachen	1	Excellent food. Nice location. Only complaint is I requested butter for my pancakes and never got it.
150	yujunchen	1	Excellent food. Nice location. Only complaint is I requested butter for my pancakes and never got it.
151	tinachen	1	But, It might be a 2 stars.  All of the staff were great, but the 2 room suite with a small version of a kitchen was more like a 2.  Poorly done "remodel" or just plain in need of remodeling.  Bummer
151	yujunchen	1	But, It might be a 2 stars.  All of the staff were great, but the 2 room suite with a small version of a kitchen was more like a 2.  Poorly done "remodel" or just plain in need of remodeling.  Bummer
152	tinachen	3	Fast food style Greek food.  I would bet most of the 4 or 5 stars are from late night college students after a few drinks.  I would not be afraid to return for lunch as it is quick, clean, priced right, and the food was solid.  However, I have had much better Gyro's and Fries.  Everyone talked about the wings and the staff said they were great, so maybe next time I will go that route and update the review.
152	yujunchen	3	Fast food style Greek food.  I would bet most of the 4 or 5 stars are from late night college students after a few drinks.  I would not be afraid to return for lunch as it is quick, clean, priced right, and the food was solid.  However, I have had much better Gyro's and Fries.  Everyone talked about the wings and the staff said they were great, so maybe next time I will go that route and update the review.
153	tinachen	2	Came in here on a Friday night not really expecting much but to watch the Sixers game. They had a few drink specials, none of which really appealed to me. The mixed drink I got seemed really weak. However, at around 9pm the bartender ABSOLUTELY BLASTED the music to the point where my mate and I paid our check and promptly had to leave. We could still hear the music playing all the way down the street. I don't know if they do that to lure people in or scare them away. I prefer other bars in the neighborhood...
153	yujunchen	2	Came in here on a Friday night not really expecting much but to watch the Sixers game. They had a few drink specials, none of which really appealed to me. The mixed drink I got seemed really weak. However, at around 9pm the bartender ABSOLUTELY BLASTED the music to the point where my mate and I paid our check and promptly had to leave. We could still hear the music playing all the way down the street. I don't know if they do that to lure people in or scare them away. I prefer other bars in the neighborhood...
154	tinachen	1	The Indian cinnamon donuts are delicious!  The rest are just OK, the fancy donuts were nothing to rave about and I had such high expectations for the fried chicken, but it was also pretty standard stuff.  But definitely grab a dozen Indian cinnamons.
154	yujunchen	1	The Indian cinnamon donuts are delicious!  The rest are just OK, the fancy donuts were nothing to rave about and I had such high expectations for the fried chicken, but it was also pretty standard stuff.  But definitely grab a dozen Indian cinnamons.
155	tinachen	2	Food was pretty good. Service not so great. Not as fun as the locals make it sound. It is a pretty cool place being on the water.
155	yujunchen	1	Food was pretty good. Service not so great. Not as fun as the locals make it sound. It is a pretty cool place being on the water.
156	tinachen	2	This review is for Sunday brunch only. The inside of the inn is beautiful and historic, particularly the Library which is where our large group was seated. The service was great. The brunch offerings, however, were not so impressive. At $26pp, a waffle station would have been nice. Or pancakes. If you wanted eggs, you had to wait at the omelet station. A type of breakfast meat other than pork bacon would have been good also, e.g. turkey sausage, turkey bacon. The vodka penne, chicken francaise, potatoes and green beans were all lacking in flavor.  The cookies and other dessert items were not worth the calories or fat content.
156	yujunchen	2	This review is for Sunday brunch only. The inside of the inn is beautiful and historic, particularly the Library which is where our large group was seated. The service was great. The brunch offerings, however, were not so impressive. At $26pp, a waffle station would have been nice. Or pancakes. If you wanted eggs, you had to wait at the omelet station. A type of breakfast meat other than pork bacon would have been good also, e.g. turkey sausage, turkey bacon. The vodka penne, chicken francaise, potatoes and green beans were all lacking in flavor.  The cookies and other dessert items were not worth the calories or fat content.
157	tinachen	2	I would have given this 4-stars when it was operated under its former name (which escapes me right now).  The food was still good, but gone are the outstanding individually made margaritas (now they're out of a machine a la "Fat Tuesday" style).  Also was a bit disappointed at our service while sitting at the bar...it was anything but crowded there, yet we waited a disproportionate amount of time for service.  Still not a bad place to go while in Phoenixville.
157	yujunchen	2	I would have given this 4-stars when it was operated under its former name (which escapes me right now).  The food was still good, but gone are the outstanding individually made margaritas (now they're out of a machine a la "Fat Tuesday" style).  Also was a bit disappointed at our service while sitting at the bar...it was anything but crowded there, yet we waited a disproportionate amount of time for service.  Still not a bad place to go while in Phoenixville.
158	tinachen	1	An interesting place to visit but, once is enough. Try the West park for better views and more interesting trails, instead. Plus the sunsets in the West park are much better.
158	yujunchen	1	An interesting place to visit but, once is enough. Try the West park for better views and more interesting trails, instead. Plus the sunsets in the West park are much better.
159	tinachen	3	We are still fans of Taco Bus over Casita. It was evening when we arrived, and Casita Taqueria had a few customers. We were met with smiles and a very cheerful, charming staff.  They explained the menu to us and we were left to order.  My wife ordered a Shrimp Casitas bowl and I had the Carne Asada taco and the Barbacoa taco.  The meal came out fast and.... well we weren't blown away at all.  I had been waiting for months to come here to the "Best Taco Place" in St. Pete, but I was disappointed.  My tacos flavors were muddled and colorless, while the hot sauce was missing that wow factor as well.  The shrimp casitas bowl was just "ok" per my wife's review and it too was just missing that something.   So for service, you guys are awesome!  But for the flavor, we just needed that "over the top, next-level", "umami" type of mexican that we have been exposed to lately.
159	yujunchen	3	We are still fans of Taco Bus over Casita. It was evening when we arrived, and Casita Taqueria had a few customers. We were met with smiles and a very cheerful, charming staff.  They explained the menu to us and we were left to order.  My wife ordered a Shrimp Casitas bowl and I had the Carne Asada taco and the Barbacoa taco.  The meal came out fast and.... well we weren't blown away at all.  I had been waiting for months to come here to the "Best Taco Place" in St. Pete, but I was disappointed.  My tacos flavors were muddled and colorless, while the hot sauce was missing that wow factor as well.  The shrimp casitas bowl was just "ok" per my wife's review and it too was just missing that something.   So for service, you guys are awesome!  But for the flavor, we just needed that "over the top, next-level", "umami" type of mexican that we have been exposed to lately.
160	tinachen	2	This is 3 miles away from the main drag of State Street (taxi costs approx $15 to get into 'town').  Rooms are a decent size and the front desk staff were very pleasant.  Coffee, fruit, cookies and water free in the  room.  And the Cal KIng mattress was the most amazing mattress I've ever slept on to be quite frank. We had one unfortunate incident at the restaurant attached to the hotel - 4 of us went to breakfast there this morning. We're English by birth but we've lived in Los Angeles for many years.  However, the restaurant staff heard our English accents and decided that they could take us for a ride with the tip.  When presenting us with the check, they added a 20% tip to the final total.  We immediately addressed it with the manager - firstly, a check should never be presented with gratuity added unless it's a party of 6 or more.  Secondly, automatically adding 20% is just rude.  Fact of the matter is, we probably would have tipped 20%.  The managers response was weak.  He informed us that many "Europeans" don't know the tipping ettiquette and therefore, they decided to assist us by 'adding 20%" to the check.  His manner and demeanor was completely offensive.
160	yujunchen	2	This is 3 miles away from the main drag of State Street (taxi costs approx $15 to get into 'town').  Rooms are a decent size and the front desk staff were very pleasant.  Coffee, fruit, cookies and water free in the  room.  And the Cal KIng mattress was the most amazing mattress I've ever slept on to be quite frank. We had one unfortunate incident at the restaurant attached to the hotel - 4 of us went to breakfast there this morning. We're English by birth but we've lived in Los Angeles for many years.  However, the restaurant staff heard our English accents and decided that they could take us for a ride with the tip.  When presenting us with the check, they added a 20% tip to the final total.  We immediately addressed it with the manager - firstly, a check should never be presented with gratuity added unless it's a party of 6 or more.  Secondly, automatically adding 20% is just rude.  Fact of the matter is, we probably would have tipped 20%.  The managers response was weak.  He informed us that many "Europeans" don't know the tipping ettiquette and therefore, they decided to assist us by 'adding 20%" to the check.  His manner and demeanor was completely offensive.
161	tinachen	2	Well, Chatham Tap is about as inoffensive as a bar can be. It doesn't overwhelm you with the TeeVees like a lot of sports bars (there's just one giant screen behind the bar). The atmosphere is cozy but there's still decent seating, the staff is friendly and the menu is even a little out there for pub food--gouda melted over apples on ciabatta? Hmm.... I had an apple, candied walnut and feta salad. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's called "salad"--it was more like dessert. They could lay off the candied walnuts and raspberry dressing a bit and this would be a lot better and healthier option. I tried my companion's pesto and mushroom sandwich and it was quite good (probably not healthy either). The thick spicy chips were yummy (possibly homemade?). I guess most people don't go to bars to get healthful food, but I sometimes like to mitigate the beer calories by choosing the less fatty-sounding pub fare. I think Old Point may be a better option for those situations.  And, regarding beer.... I drank London Pride, which was decent. I'm not really wowed by places that have Boddington's and Fat Tire on tap--these are mass-produced and -distributed beer, people! That said, it's better than Bud or Coors.   Overall, Chatham is a decent bar. I can see why some might be more smitten than I was--it manages to offer a bit more than your generic pub experience and that can go a long way in Indy. If you're a football (soccer) fan you might also give this place extra points. But for me there wasn't really anything special to grab on to.
161	yujunchen	2	Well, Chatham Tap is about as inoffensive as a bar can be. It doesn't overwhelm you with the TeeVees like a lot of sports bars (there's just one giant screen behind the bar). The atmosphere is cozy but there's still decent seating, the staff is friendly and the menu is even a little out there for pub food--gouda melted over apples on ciabatta? Hmm.... I had an apple, candied walnut and feta salad. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's called "salad"--it was more like dessert. They could lay off the candied walnuts and raspberry dressing a bit and this would be a lot better and healthier option. I tried my companion's pesto and mushroom sandwich and it was quite good (probably not healthy either). The thick spicy chips were yummy (possibly homemade?). I guess most people don't go to bars to get healthful food, but I sometimes like to mitigate the beer calories by choosing the less fatty-sounding pub fare. I think Old Point may be a better option for those situations.  And, regarding beer.... I drank London Pride, which was decent. I'm not really wowed by places that have Boddington's and Fat Tire on tap--these are mass-produced and -distributed beer, people! That said, it's better than Bud or Coors.   Overall, Chatham is a decent bar. I can see why some might be more smitten than I was--it manages to offer a bit more than your generic pub experience and that can go a long way in Indy. If you're a football (soccer) fan you might also give this place extra points. But for me there wasn't really anything special to grab on to.
162	tinachen	1	Ordered out from here last night.  Nothing spectacular, but the food was good and plentiful.  I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it, but since it's in the neighborhood, I may be spending more time here experimenting on other food.  I had the chicken Parmesan (sans cheese).  I really wanted the spaghetti with it, but they ran out before we picked it up, so it came with Lasagna.  It was pretty tasty.  If you are ordering over the phone, be sure to ask them what they have.
162	yujunchen	1	Ordered out from here last night.  Nothing spectacular, but the food was good and plentiful.  I wouldn't drive all the way across town for it, but since it's in the neighborhood, I may be spending more time here experimenting on other food.  I had the chicken Parmesan (sans cheese).  I really wanted the spaghetti with it, but they ran out before we picked it up, so it came with Lasagna.  It was pretty tasty.  If you are ordering over the phone, be sure to ask them what they have.
163	tinachen	2	I can't really complain about my stay here. We were in Philly for 5 days and spent the last 3 nights at the Windsor. The room we got was bigger than our apartment in NYC (we upgraded, but i think they accidently gave us a HUGE room, that or the price is just AMAZING).. the king size bed was amazing. We had a balcony, living room, and full kitchen. I wish it would have been a bit more clean and updated. That fitness room is kind of a joke, but i just used the treadmill. The staff seemed friendly and took care of everything we could have asked for. If we come to Philly next summer we will probably stay here again.
163	yujunchen	2	I can't really complain about my stay here. We were in Philly for 5 days and spent the last 3 nights at the Windsor. The room we got was bigger than our apartment in NYC (we upgraded, but i think they accidently gave us a HUGE room, that or the price is just AMAZING).. the king size bed was amazing. We had a balcony, living room, and full kitchen. I wish it would have been a bit more clean and updated. That fitness room is kind of a joke, but i just used the treadmill. The staff seemed friendly and took care of everything we could have asked for. If we come to Philly next summer we will probably stay here again.
164	tinachen	1	It's a chain but food is solid if your looking for a steak.
164	yujunchen	1	It's a chain but food is solid if your looking for a steak.
165	tinachen	2	The Grand opening was really nice. They were passing out a lot menu items. They were really good and the service was excellent. Our waitress was very attentive and congenial. We had the roast beef poboy with mac n cheese. Poor quality. We also had a chocolate malt  really good.
165	yujunchen	2	The Grand opening was really nice. They were passing out a lot menu items. They were really good and the service was excellent. Our waitress was very attentive and congenial. We had the roast beef poboy with mac n cheese. Poor quality. We also had a chocolate malt  really good.
166	tinachen	3	I've had the pleasure of experiencing Han Dynasty's exquisite Sichuan cuisine in the Old City and University City locations. Today a friend and I decided to try something new. We tried Han Dynasty Cherry Hill.   Good: pea leaves with garlic. These were excellent! Get these! In addition, get the spicy crispy cucumbers  Cold Noodles in Chili Oil: I learned that the taste of the cold noodles depends on the master chef. IMHO, the master chef at the U City location makes a better cold noodle in chili oil dish  Garlic Sauce Style: my friend had this. She said it tasted better at the Old City location.  Ants Climbing a Tree: tasteless  Please read: we expressed our dissatisfaction to the General Manager and he was incredibly responsive. I give the manager 5 stars.
166	yujunchen	3	I've had the pleasure of experiencing Han Dynasty's exquisite Sichuan cuisine in the Old City and University City locations. Today a friend and I decided to try something new. We tried Han Dynasty Cherry Hill.   Good: pea leaves with garlic. These were excellent! Get these! In addition, get the spicy crispy cucumbers  Cold Noodles in Chili Oil: I learned that the taste of the cold noodles depends on the master chef. IMHO, the master chef at the U City location makes a better cold noodle in chili oil dish  Garlic Sauce Style: my friend had this. She said it tasted better at the Old City location.  Ants Climbing a Tree: tasteless  Please read: we expressed our dissatisfaction to the General Manager and he was incredibly responsive. I give the manager 5 stars.
167	tinachen	3	Came here with my girlfriend on a Monday night and took advantage of the Yelp coupon (which you should too).  Ambiance: Home-y but very small and cramped. Luckily it wasn't too busy on a Monday night. Can't imagine the place packed given it was already hard to hold a conversation given we could hear the other two tables talking around us (BYOB makes everyone a bit louder).  Service: There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered. Made solid food recommendations and were attentive. Our waiter was also extremely friendly.  Food: Solid italian food. Nothing out of this world, but good. We got a special appetizer - Italian Empanada...Sounds weird, but it was very flaky, delicious party in a slightly spicy marinara. Very delicious. My main entre was the beef osso bucco. The meat was delicious, but don't expect any bone marrow with this dish. My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok. Noodles were homemade, but the sauce was a little off.  All in all, a reasonably priced Italian BYOB. Just don't come expecting the absolute best italian food.
167	yujunchen	3	Came here with my girlfriend on a Monday night and took advantage of the Yelp coupon (which you should too).  Ambiance: Home-y but very small and cramped. Luckily it wasn't too busy on a Monday night. Can't imagine the place packed given it was already hard to hold a conversation given we could hear the other two tables talking around us (BYOB makes everyone a bit louder).  Service: There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered. Made solid food recommendations and were attentive. Our waiter was also extremely friendly.  Food: Solid italian food. Nothing out of this world, but good. We got a special appetizer - Italian Empanada...Sounds weird, but it was very flaky, delicious party in a slightly spicy marinara. Very delicious. My main entre was the beef osso bucco. The meat was delicious, but don't expect any bone marrow with this dish. My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok. Noodles were homemade, but the sauce was a little off.  All in all, a reasonably priced Italian BYOB. Just don't come expecting the absolute best italian food.
168	tinachen	2	This was my first time, but my dining companion has been before and pointed out a few changes. I had the portobello stuffed pretzel and he had the black bean burger. Both were fine. Our complaint was with the sides. The options were Ruffles or store bought pasta salad. My companion said they used to have sweet potato fries so he was really disappointed since that's why we came. I think we'll stick to stopping in for a drink and skip eating there.
168	yujunchen	2	This was my first time, but my dining companion has been before and pointed out a few changes. I had the portobello stuffed pretzel and he had the black bean burger. Both were fine. Our complaint was with the sides. The options were Ruffles or store bought pasta salad. My companion said they used to have sweet potato fries so he was really disappointed since that's why we came. I think we'll stick to stopping in for a drink and skip eating there.
169	tinachen	1	Only good thing about this place are the fries. The burgers are not that special or great. Ordered the double mushroom and got more mushrooms than burger patty. Almost reminds me of a McDonald's burger patty. Even with 2 patties the burger felt mediocre at best. Greasy mushrooms and a soggy bun. Came out to $12 with drink and fries and still felt hungry afterwards. If you want a real burger and fries, try a true authentic local place.
169	yujunchen	1	Only good thing about this place are the fries. The burgers are not that special or great. Ordered the double mushroom and got more mushrooms than burger patty. Almost reminds me of a McDonald's burger patty. Even with 2 patties the burger felt mediocre at best. Greasy mushrooms and a soggy bun. Came out to $12 with drink and fries and still felt hungry afterwards. If you want a real burger and fries, try a true authentic local place.
170	tinachen	2	I've stopped here twice on a Sunday for the lunch buffet. I like the complimentary tea and mango lassi and the food is average. However, each time I've been there a woman (possibly the owner/manager) has been on her cell phone talking nonstop while seating people, while filling water glasses and even while checking people out when leaving. She can't put the phone down to greet or say thank you?  And the entire time we were eating she was on the phone in the back of the restaurant and wasn't very quiet in her conversation. I think next time I try one of the other Indian restaurants in the area.
170	yujunchen	2	I've stopped here twice on a Sunday for the lunch buffet. I like the complimentary tea and mango lassi and the food is average. However, each time I've been there a woman (possibly the owner/manager) has been on her cell phone talking nonstop while seating people, while filling water glasses and even while checking people out when leaving. She can't put the phone down to greet or say thank you?  And the entire time we were eating she was on the phone in the back of the restaurant and wasn't very quiet in her conversation. I think next time I try one of the other Indian restaurants in the area.
171	tinachen	2	Acme in Flourtown is good for a small local grocery store. It's clean, has a fairly decent layout and selection and the staff is pretty good. If you're looking to grab something quick it's the best option close by. (The Genuardis in Flourtown and Acme in Ft Washington both kinda suck)  However, If you're looking to do some heavy, stocking up, grocery shopping you're probably better off heading somewhere else.
171	yujunchen	2	Acme in Flourtown is good for a small local grocery store. It's clean, has a fairly decent layout and selection and the staff is pretty good. If you're looking to grab something quick it's the best option close by. (The Genuardis in Flourtown and Acme in Ft Washington both kinda suck)  However, If you're looking to do some heavy, stocking up, grocery shopping you're probably better off heading somewhere else.
172	tinachen	1	Applebee's isn't really my thing, but I had a gift card, so we stopped in. It was actually pretty good. My wife's portabella chicken was very tasty and perfectly cooked. My bourbon street steak was also cooked nicely, but it did have that weird Applebee's steak texture. The pretzel sticks were a really good appetizer, though. Ceasar salads were fresh and good. Not too shabby, Applebee's!
172	yujunchen	2	Applebee's isn't really my thing, but I had a gift card, so we stopped in. It was actually pretty good. My wife's portabella chicken was very tasty and perfectly cooked. My bourbon street steak was also cooked nicely, but it did have that weird Applebee's steak texture. The pretzel sticks were a really good appetizer, though. Ceasar salads were fresh and good. Not too shabby, Applebee's!
173	tinachen	1	This is only based on breakfast. The selection is limited. I was hoping they'd have beignets. In lieu of that, I got coffee, fruit, and bacon - sweet and salty. The coffee was great. The bacon and fruit were sad for $5 each. The bacon was scrawny. The few berries weren't sweet, and the melons were under ripe. As with the hotel itself, the staff were rather muted - not especially helpful or friendly.  If it's raining outside and you're getting ready to leave, stay here for breakfast. Otherwise, go out.
173	yujunchen	1	This is only based on breakfast. The selection is limited. I was hoping they'd have beignets. In lieu of that, I got coffee, fruit, and bacon - sweet and salty. The coffee was great. The bacon and fruit were sad for $5 each. The bacon was scrawny. The few berries weren't sweet, and the melons were under ripe. As with the hotel itself, the staff were rather muted - not especially helpful or friendly.  If it's raining outside and you're getting ready to leave, stay here for breakfast. Otherwise, go out.
174	tinachen	2	Not bad, not bad.  Went there for lunch and liked the variety of spice levels.  Also liked that the lunch buffet did not have too many mediocre things, but rather had a dozen well made dishes in smaller batches.  Service was above average and cleanliness is next to excellent.
174	yujunchen	3	Not bad, not bad.  Went there for lunch and liked the variety of spice levels.  Also liked that the lunch buffet did not have too many mediocre things, but rather had a dozen well made dishes in smaller batches.  Service was above average and cleanliness is next to excellent.
175	tinachen	2	The idea is cool,  but the tacos were a bit of a disappointment. We got the chicken, carne asada and fish tacos. The chicken was dry and carne asada was salty so it wasn't full of flavor. The fish taco was good, though! Tender, juicy, and crispy! I don't think the tacos are worth the price, especially since tacos are supposed to be a cheap, simple and delicious food. Overall, I wouldn't go back but it is a cool atmosphere and right in downtown which is convenient.
175	yujunchen	2	The idea is cool,  but the tacos were a bit of a disappointment. We got the chicken, carne asada and fish tacos. The chicken was dry and carne asada was salty so it wasn't full of flavor. The fish taco was good, though! Tender, juicy, and crispy! I don't think the tacos are worth the price, especially since tacos are supposed to be a cheap, simple and delicious food. Overall, I wouldn't go back but it is a cool atmosphere and right in downtown which is convenient.
176	tinachen	2	My husband and I have been here a number of times and the food is typical beach eatery  I always enjoyed the food. Today , however ,the  platter I ordered was pretty bad. Crab cake , not much crab was lukewarm and mushy, scallops undercooked and fish overlooked and dry. Nothing was hot.  Not going back anytime soon Server was very nice though.
176	yujunchen	2	My husband and I have been here a number of times and the food is typical beach eatery  I always enjoyed the food. Today , however ,the  platter I ordered was pretty bad. Crab cake , not much crab was lukewarm and mushy, scallops undercooked and fish overlooked and dry. Nothing was hot.  Not going back anytime soon Server was very nice though.
177	tinachen	3	The good: plush beds, huge flat screen tv, nice toiletries and great location. Very nice staff.  The bad: The hotel was under renovation, so there was construction outside and tarps making a nice courtyard look like a junkyard. We got stuck in the 3rd world country wing ( i think bc we got a cheap rate) where the air system was loud and obnoxious, and the wifi was broken. We had to take an elevator then a stair case to our room. The breakfast everyone raves about is quite mediocre compared to a spread places like the Intercontinental and other upscale hotels put together.
177	yujunchen	3	The good: plush beds, huge flat screen tv, nice toiletries and great location. Very nice staff.  The bad: The hotel was under renovation, so there was construction outside and tarps making a nice courtyard look like a junkyard. We got stuck in the 3rd world country wing ( i think bc we got a cheap rate) where the air system was loud and obnoxious, and the wifi was broken. We had to take an elevator then a stair case to our room. The breakfast everyone raves about is quite mediocre compared to a spread places like the Intercontinental and other upscale hotels put together.
178	tinachen	3	My husband and I dined here for the first time last night to celebrate his birthday. Here's the breakdown! Atmosphere- This restaurant seems to be disjointed. I really liked the ambiance and feel in the bar area and a small seating area connecting to the main dining area. For some reason, I wasn't feeling it in the main dining area (where we sat). I guess that's the idea and maybe we should have asked to sit in a different area. Part of it may have to do with the fact that we were the youngest people in the place by about 40 years. We could hear the commotion in the kitchen, which was weird because it didn't seem like we were that close to it. Next time I would request to be seated elsewhere. Service- Our waitress was alright, she just seemed a little out of place. She broke a dish on the floor, and overall was a bit sloppy. She was nice enough though, and checked on us an adequate amount.  Food-  I loved the fact that there was the option to order petite serving, which upon arrival to our table seemed laughable. But once I started eating, it was the perfect amount of food! I ordered the Cedar Plank Salmon and my husband ordered the Crab Cakes. My salmon was delicious and crab cakes decent. However, our sides were just OK. Also my husband's salad seemed straight out of a bag. We were pleasantly surprised at the end of the meal when our server brought us 2 mini chocolate fudge cookies. Mmmmm! The perfect end to the meal!  I might try this place again for drinks/appetizers or I could see a mother's day brunch here, but overall our dining experience wasn't that memorable. Maybe we will give it another try, because I really want to like this place!
178	yujunchen	3	My husband and I dined here for the first time last night to celebrate his birthday. Here's the breakdown! Atmosphere- This restaurant seems to be disjointed. I really liked the ambiance and feel in the bar area and a small seating area connecting to the main dining area. For some reason, I wasn't feeling it in the main dining area (where we sat). I guess that's the idea and maybe we should have asked to sit in a different area. Part of it may have to do with the fact that we were the youngest people in the place by about 40 years. We could hear the commotion in the kitchen, which was weird because it didn't seem like we were that close to it. Next time I would request to be seated elsewhere. Service- Our waitress was alright, she just seemed a little out of place. She broke a dish on the floor, and overall was a bit sloppy. She was nice enough though, and checked on us an adequate amount.  Food-  I loved the fact that there was the option to order petite serving, which upon arrival to our table seemed laughable. But once I started eating, it was the perfect amount of food! I ordered the Cedar Plank Salmon and my husband ordered the Crab Cakes. My salmon was delicious and crab cakes decent. However, our sides were just OK. Also my husband's salad seemed straight out of a bag. We were pleasantly surprised at the end of the meal when our server brought us 2 mini chocolate fudge cookies. Mmmmm! The perfect end to the meal!  I might try this place again for drinks/appetizers or I could see a mother's day brunch here, but overall our dining experience wasn't that memorable. Maybe we will give it another try, because I really want to like this place!
179	tinachen	2	I ordered delivery from here 3 times when I wanted sushi, all 3 times the delivery guy instead of knocking or ringing the doorbell just...opened my front door, which scared me to death, another time I waited over 2 hours for my food...and old sushi is not good sushi. Maybe its better to sit and eat at, I only used their delivery service and likely won't be doing so again. But generally speaking they are fine.
179	yujunchen	2	I ordered delivery from here 3 times when I wanted sushi, all 3 times the delivery guy instead of knocking or ringing the doorbell just...opened my front door, which scared me to death, another time I waited over 2 hours for my food...and old sushi is not good sushi. Maybe its better to sit and eat at, I only used their delivery service and likely won't be doing so again. But generally speaking they are fine.
180	tinachen	2	The service is not great here.  It takes a long time for our food to come out.  The food is just ok and I have tried many dishes.  The restaurant is way to loud on the weekends and the tables are to close together.  Not a relaxing atmosphere.  It has a great bar scene....crowded and loud.
180	yujunchen	2	The service is not great here.  It takes a long time for our food to come out.  The food is just ok and I have tried many dishes.  The restaurant is way to loud on the weekends and the tables are to close together.  Not a relaxing atmosphere.  It has a great bar scene....crowded and loud.
181	tinachen	1	Good food but terrible service. Wait was crazy and there were open tables.  Not a good place to eat at if you have kids!!
181	yujunchen	1	Good food but terrible service. Wait was crazy and there were open tables.  Not a good place to eat at if you have kids!!
182	tinachen	2	Okay, we were off to a bad start.  Party of 9 (4 adults & 5 kids ages 8-12).  It wasn't packed ( but we were packed in a kind of wrap around booth).    We were there an hour before our food was served.  The waitress kept up with drink refills and apologies.  5-stars for her!  When the food finally arrived it was hot and impressive in both taste and presentation.  The burgers were mile-high with toppings, and the kids meals satisfied our big kids. I would say worth the wait but that wait was way too long with no visit from the management.     I'll come back for the Cowboy Burger and hope for the best.
182	yujunchen	3	Okay, we were off to a bad start.  Party of 9 (4 adults & 5 kids ages 8-12).  It wasn't packed ( but we were packed in a kind of wrap around booth).    We were there an hour before our food was served.  The waitress kept up with drink refills and apologies.  5-stars for her!  When the food finally arrived it was hot and impressive in both taste and presentation.  The burgers were mile-high with toppings, and the kids meals satisfied our big kids. I would say worth the wait but that wait was way too long with no visit from the management.     I'll come back for the Cowboy Burger and hope for the best.
183	tinachen	2	I got a craving for a turkey burger and was in the area.  It had been over half a year since my last bad experience, so I thought I'd give it another shot.  I am happy to say that I didn't regret it.  I have been back another time since then and the service has been excellent.  Our orders were taken promptly, the correct food arrived, and my burger and fries were hot and fresh.  I tried the mushroom burger with turkey and it was loaded with mushrooms.  The server even brought us fries while we waited because it was taking longer than ten minutes.  She made sure to keep our water glasses full.  If you can, try to sit in Janesca's section, and you will be well taken care of.        The other servers I had gotten bad service from still work there as I saw a few of them walking around.  Hopefully they have improved since my bad experiences.  The only other complaint I have is this place really needs to be dusted!  It doesn't look dirty other than that, but where the carousel horses are along-side the booths is coated with a thick layer of dust.  If they fix that, I would come back more often.
183	yujunchen	2	I got a craving for a turkey burger and was in the area.  It had been over half a year since my last bad experience, so I thought I'd give it another shot.  I am happy to say that I didn't regret it.  I have been back another time since then and the service has been excellent.  Our orders were taken promptly, the correct food arrived, and my burger and fries were hot and fresh.  I tried the mushroom burger with turkey and it was loaded with mushrooms.  The server even brought us fries while we waited because it was taking longer than ten minutes.  She made sure to keep our water glasses full.  If you can, try to sit in Janesca's section, and you will be well taken care of.        The other servers I had gotten bad service from still work there as I saw a few of them walking around.  Hopefully they have improved since my bad experiences.  The only other complaint I have is this place really needs to be dusted!  It doesn't look dirty other than that, but where the carousel horses are along-side the booths is coated with a thick layer of dust.  If they fix that, I would come back more often.
184	tinachen	3	This place is okay as long as you know what to order. Steaks, chicken, and sandwiches are okay, everything else needs to improve. I am not rating desert here, since these are a safe bet.  Parking at this place is rough, the service is pretty good and makes up for this.  I generally only eat lunch here because the place is not worth the hassle of a dinner crowd.  While I do not go out of my way to go to any Outback, this one is a better one.  Also this location really tries to make improvements and make your experience enjoyable, but the food is average at best.
184	yujunchen	3	This place is okay as long as you know what to order. Steaks, chicken, and sandwiches are okay, everything else needs to improve. I am not rating desert here, since these are a safe bet.  Parking at this place is rough, the service is pretty good and makes up for this.  I generally only eat lunch here because the place is not worth the hassle of a dinner crowd.  While I do not go out of my way to go to any Outback, this one is a better one.  Also this location really tries to make improvements and make your experience enjoyable, but the food is average at best.
185	tinachen	2	Mild was far too spicy. The staff was nice, but the white waiter was pretty inattentive (and partially def I think). Food and prices ok.
185	yujunchen	1	Mild was far too spicy. The staff was nice, but the white waiter was pretty inattentive (and partially def I think). Food and prices ok.
186	tinachen	3	3.5 stars  Hubs and I decided to stop in this place after driving past it on several occasions.  I am very glad we did because we find all kinds of deals here.  Granted, we sometimes "over-shop" because of low prices, but with the savings we are actually breaking even.  How do I know prices are good?  Well I am one of those people that, for whatever reason, tends to memorize prices from my other grocery retailers whether I want to or not.  For example, a 20 ounce Red Bull here is $2.40 while the exact same thing at another store is in the $4.50+ range.    Just this past weekend we bought a Keurig K300 for $80.80.  The same item retailed for over $100 at several other places nearby.  So why just 3.5 stars if I am saving money and am now flush with cash*?  Well the downside is that unlike a typical grocery chain you cannot necessarily find all the brands you are looking for when shopping.  That makes it inevitable that I have to make a trip to a separate store if I have specific needs which cannot be met at IGA.  But I do start my shopping here to get what I can before I go to round two.  The employees are helpful, the place is neat and clean and the prices rock.  *sarcasm - I'm NEVER flush with cash.....
186	yujunchen	3	3.5 stars  Hubs and I decided to stop in this place after driving past it on several occasions.  I am very glad we did because we find all kinds of deals here.  Granted, we sometimes "over-shop" because of low prices, but with the savings we are actually breaking even.  How do I know prices are good?  Well I am one of those people that, for whatever reason, tends to memorize prices from my other grocery retailers whether I want to or not.  For example, a 20 ounce Red Bull here is $2.40 while the exact same thing at another store is in the $4.50+ range.    Just this past weekend we bought a Keurig K300 for $80.80.  The same item retailed for over $100 at several other places nearby.  So why just 3.5 stars if I am saving money and am now flush with cash*?  Well the downside is that unlike a typical grocery chain you cannot necessarily find all the brands you are looking for when shopping.  That makes it inevitable that I have to make a trip to a separate store if I have specific needs which cannot be met at IGA.  But I do start my shopping here to get what I can before I go to round two.  The employees are helpful, the place is neat and clean and the prices rock.  *sarcasm - I'm NEVER flush with cash.....
187	tinachen	1	The entres and sides in the buffet are nothing special... but the dessert options are better than many restaurants of its kind. Instead of the usual one or two dessert options, they have four--kheer, ras malai, gulab jamun, and jalebi. The jalebi is so delicious; I can only eat a few tiny pieces though, because it is so sweet! If you have a super sweet tooth and love Indian desserts, being content with the pretty average main meal options is worth it to enjoy the sweet highlights.
187	yujunchen	1	The entres and sides in the buffet are nothing special... but the dessert options are better than many restaurants of its kind. Instead of the usual one or two dessert options, they have four--kheer, ras malai, gulab jamun, and jalebi. The jalebi is so delicious; I can only eat a few tiny pieces though, because it is so sweet! If you have a super sweet tooth and love Indian desserts, being content with the pretty average main meal options is worth it to enjoy the sweet highlights.
188	tinachen	2	Very nice guy, good at giving a solid, sharp haircut, but I didn't feel like he was up to speed on more modern hairstyles. Plus I didn't fee like I got the full barbershop experience: no straight razor for the neck or side part, no blow drying to style my hair, and his products were American crew. Would I go back? Probably. But I'd hope to find a barber that more fits my style.
188	yujunchen	2	Very nice guy, good at giving a solid, sharp haircut, but I didn't feel like he was up to speed on more modern hairstyles. Plus I didn't fee like I got the full barbershop experience: no straight razor for the neck or side part, no blow drying to style my hair, and his products were American crew. Would I go back? Probably. But I'd hope to find a barber that more fits my style.
189	tinachen	1	We may have visited on an off day. Tacos and gauc were good but no comparison to Funky Taco. $15 for a cold glass of the only Cab Sauv on the menu was disappointing. Seriously, that much for a glass of wine?  Mushroom taco that said was a mix of many mushrooms was all portobellos with one shiitake mushroom? Not ok. Great setting but need to refine quality. Blackened fish taco had no blackening. Might try again, maybe.
189	yujunchen	1	We may have visited on an off day. Tacos and gauc were good but no comparison to Funky Taco. $15 for a cold glass of the only Cab Sauv on the menu was disappointing. Seriously, that much for a glass of wine?  Mushroom taco that said was a mix of many mushrooms was all portobellos with one shiitake mushroom? Not ok. Great setting but need to refine quality. Blackened fish taco had no blackening. Might try again, maybe.
190	tinachen	1	This place has been around forever! Food is pretty good, there's a good bit of variety on the menu as well, so I always try to get something different. If you are in the area, you should definitely stop by if you want tasty food and friendly service.
190	yujunchen	2	This place has been around forever! Food is pretty good, there's a good bit of variety on the menu as well, so I always try to get something different. If you are in the area, you should definitely stop by if you want tasty food and friendly service.
191	tinachen	2	The Dosa is pretty decent but honestly the smoke really made my head hurt and made me cough. Made me feel pretty miserable and not hungry. Slow service, restaurant not clean.
191	yujunchen	2	The Dosa is pretty decent but honestly the smoke really made my head hurt and made me cough. Made me feel pretty miserable and not hungry. Slow service, restaurant not clean.
192	tinachen	3	One of the best places on Washington Avenue to sit outside and relax.  A very relaxing atmosphere both inside and out, with service to match.  We enjoyed both outside for people watching and inside for the fireplace and black and white movies on the televisions.   One of the best features of Blondie's is that while the rest of the block is loud and raucous, Blondie's is a nice oasis away from all of this.   Food and drink: Blondie's offers an above average list of wines by the glass, and some very nice beer selections.  I enjoyed several red wines, a cava, and a few glasses of beer over several recent visits.  They also offer a limited menu of smaller plates, charcuterie and the likes, from which I have not ordered.  Given their offerings, I'm sure these are quite nice.  Also a very nice feature is their $4 wine nights on Wednesdays, which is always a plus.  We will definitely be back in the future...
192	yujunchen	3	One of the best places on Washington Avenue to sit outside and relax.  A very relaxing atmosphere both inside and out, with service to match.  We enjoyed both outside for people watching and inside for the fireplace and black and white movies on the televisions.   One of the best features of Blondie's is that while the rest of the block is loud and raucous, Blondie's is a nice oasis away from all of this.   Food and drink: Blondie's offers an above average list of wines by the glass, and some very nice beer selections.  I enjoyed several red wines, a cava, and a few glasses of beer over several recent visits.  They also offer a limited menu of smaller plates, charcuterie and the likes, from which I have not ordered.  Given their offerings, I'm sure these are quite nice.  Also a very nice feature is their $4 wine nights on Wednesdays, which is always a plus.  We will definitely be back in the future...
193	tinachen	1	3 stars means I like it and I'll be back for more. I love Cuban food.  I lived in Tampa a long time and got to eat a lot of Cuban food. I'm excited to have another Cuban place here in Indy. There aren't many.   When I think of good Cuban food, I think of Cuban bread, yucca, plantains, pork and cafe con leche...just to name a few.  Today, we got the Cuban sandwich and the plantains. They were both really good. The portion size of the sandwich was huge. It could easily be shared. The pork and ham were good.  There were two big misses. The biggest miss is the bread. It's just not right. It was almost the consistency of a cracker. It wasn't bad, but ALL of the Cuban bread I've ever eaten was much better. Even if it's pressed, I've never had cracker-like Cuban bread.  Cuban bread is something that I would order as a side, I love it so much. This bread missed the mark.  Maybe I missed it, but there was no yucca on the menu. I really love good Cuban yucca. That was the other miss.
193	yujunchen	2	3 stars means I like it and I'll be back for more. I love Cuban food.  I lived in Tampa a long time and got to eat a lot of Cuban food. I'm excited to have another Cuban place here in Indy. There aren't many.   When I think of good Cuban food, I think of Cuban bread, yucca, plantains, pork and cafe con leche...just to name a few.  Today, we got the Cuban sandwich and the plantains. They were both really good. The portion size of the sandwich was huge. It could easily be shared. The pork and ham were good.  There were two big misses. The biggest miss is the bread. It's just not right. It was almost the consistency of a cracker. It wasn't bad, but ALL of the Cuban bread I've ever eaten was much better. Even if it's pressed, I've never had cracker-like Cuban bread.  Cuban bread is something that I would order as a side, I love it so much. This bread missed the mark.  Maybe I missed it, but there was no yucca on the menu. I really love good Cuban yucca. That was the other miss.
194	tinachen	3	This place is quick with your dry cleaning but man is it expensive! The location is close to our place, so it makes it convenient, and I must admit like I said above they are super quick at getting your things cleaned. I always keep my eye out for coupons they deliver to our home and those come every couple months - they make my trip to the dry cleaner significantly less expensive!   The staff are there to do there job and that's apparent, there is no idle chit chat - it's get in get out, let's get down to businesses.   Everything I've had cleaned here has been done well so I have no complaints and would recommend this place to friends in the future!
194	yujunchen	3	This place is quick with your dry cleaning but man is it expensive! The location is close to our place, so it makes it convenient, and I must admit like I said above they are super quick at getting your things cleaned. I always keep my eye out for coupons they deliver to our home and those come every couple months - they make my trip to the dry cleaner significantly less expensive!   The staff are there to do there job and that's apparent, there is no idle chit chat - it's get in get out, let's get down to businesses.   Everything I've had cleaned here has been done well so I have no complaints and would recommend this place to friends in the future!
195	tinachen	2	Met a friend for dinner there about 5pm, based on his recommendation.  We tried some of the craft beer - the porter was very good.  Ordered dinner, ribs and brisket combination.  The brisket was moist and held together well, but not too fatty.  The ribs were flavorful as well.  What was disappointing though, was the portion size.  My friend and I both, almost simultaneously, mentioned how small the serving size was for the price. Our server was prompt, attentive and friendly. Will I go back next time I'm in town?  Probably.  But next time I'll try lunch and a sandwich.
195	yujunchen	2	Met a friend for dinner there about 5pm, based on his recommendation.  We tried some of the craft beer - the porter was very good.  Ordered dinner, ribs and brisket combination.  The brisket was moist and held together well, but not too fatty.  The ribs were flavorful as well.  What was disappointing though, was the portion size.  My friend and I both, almost simultaneously, mentioned how small the serving size was for the price. Our server was prompt, attentive and friendly. Will I go back next time I'm in town?  Probably.  But next time I'll try lunch and a sandwich.
196	tinachen	2	Silver in the City has some really nice jewelry.  They also have a lot of fun trinkets that would make good gifts--things like Better-Than-A-Boyfriend soap, snarky fridge magnets, and bacon flavored gum.  They also sell some locally made goods, such as purses made from the roof of the old RCA dome.  Somewhat surprisingly, they sell furniture as well.  The location is nice, right next to Starbucks on Mass Ave.  The reason I give it 3 stars is that it seems really overpriced.  I'm not a jewelry expert, so I can't comment on those prices.  They may be quite legitimate.  A lot of the jewelry is really beautiful, and made by artists.  But all of the gifty items cost at least twice what I would have expected.  There may be a reason for this that I'm not aware of--I do know that some items are printed on recycled paper and reused materials.  I respect that.  But other items really seem unreasonable, like the $8 bar of soap or the $20 bento box.  As someone who has to live on a budget, this is a bit of a turn off.  But the place was full of people on a Sunday morning, so maybe I'm just getting old and cranky.  It is obviously a very popular store in Indianapolis.  To each their own, I guess!
196	yujunchen	2	Silver in the City has some really nice jewelry.  They also have a lot of fun trinkets that would make good gifts--things like Better-Than-A-Boyfriend soap, snarky fridge magnets, and bacon flavored gum.  They also sell some locally made goods, such as purses made from the roof of the old RCA dome.  Somewhat surprisingly, they sell furniture as well.  The location is nice, right next to Starbucks on Mass Ave.  The reason I give it 3 stars is that it seems really overpriced.  I'm not a jewelry expert, so I can't comment on those prices.  They may be quite legitimate.  A lot of the jewelry is really beautiful, and made by artists.  But all of the gifty items cost at least twice what I would have expected.  There may be a reason for this that I'm not aware of--I do know that some items are printed on recycled paper and reused materials.  I respect that.  But other items really seem unreasonable, like the $8 bar of soap or the $20 bento box.  As someone who has to live on a budget, this is a bit of a turn off.  But the place was full of people on a Sunday morning, so maybe I'm just getting old and cranky.  It is obviously a very popular store in Indianapolis.  To each their own, I guess!
197	tinachen	3	This was my first visit to this location, although we've eaten at several others.  We were a party of 7 adults and 2 children, and were seated in an area with other children, which is fine with me - might as well keep all the noise in one area  :-)  I had the Chicken Jack and Bacon sandwich, which had a good size hunk of chicken in it, along with the cheese, bacon, tomato and onion, but strangely absolutely no sauce or dressing of any kind, making it rather dry.  Other than that, it was good, and everyone else seemed content with their meal.  Our server was attentive and patient, and all our meals were served at the same time, eliminating that awkward "waiting" stage that often happens with larger parties.  However, there was bad news - the children's meal no longer includes a dessert of Dirt and Worms, which (as silly as it may seem) has always been the main attraction of Tony Roma's if kids are along.   We had to pay an extra dollar for a small scoop of freezer-burned vanilla ice cream which neither child finished, nor any adult wanted to eat because of the crystallization of it.  It's funny how Dirt and Worms has become a tradition for us, and the meal didn't seem complete without it.  Hey, Tony, you may have lost some customers over that pudding and cookie crumbs and gummy worm "cost-cutting" elimination.  Others may value you for your ribs, but for us it was the giggles over chocolate-covered faces that made us leave with a smile on our faces.
197	yujunchen	3	This was my first visit to this location, although we've eaten at several others.  We were a party of 7 adults and 2 children, and were seated in an area with other children, which is fine with me - might as well keep all the noise in one area  :-)  I had the Chicken Jack and Bacon sandwich, which had a good size hunk of chicken in it, along with the cheese, bacon, tomato and onion, but strangely absolutely no sauce or dressing of any kind, making it rather dry.  Other than that, it was good, and everyone else seemed content with their meal.  Our server was attentive and patient, and all our meals were served at the same time, eliminating that awkward "waiting" stage that often happens with larger parties.  However, there was bad news - the children's meal no longer includes a dessert of Dirt and Worms, which (as silly as it may seem) has always been the main attraction of Tony Roma's if kids are along.   We had to pay an extra dollar for a small scoop of freezer-burned vanilla ice cream which neither child finished, nor any adult wanted to eat because of the crystallization of it.  It's funny how Dirt and Worms has become a tradition for us, and the meal didn't seem complete without it.  Hey, Tony, you may have lost some customers over that pudding and cookie crumbs and gummy worm "cost-cutting" elimination.  Others may value you for your ribs, but for us it was the giggles over chocolate-covered faces that made us leave with a smile on our faces.
198	tinachen	3	The theme of the resturant is a lot of fun with all of the prohibition photographs and other fun decor. The food and drinks were all pretty good but the one thing that would make me not come back to this restaurant are the overly high chairs and tables. My entire party had to literally climb up into the chairs and then you feel like you are jumping down when you had to get out of the chair. At one point one person in our party went to the restroom and came back and stood the rest of the time because they said it was too hard to get back into the high chair. These were handmade and the person who made them neglected to use proper height measurements for high top tables and chairs. They are a safety hazzard.
198	yujunchen	3	The theme of the resturant is a lot of fun with all of the prohibition photographs and other fun decor. The food and drinks were all pretty good but the one thing that would make me not come back to this restaurant are the overly high chairs and tables. My entire party had to literally climb up into the chairs and then you feel like you are jumping down when you had to get out of the chair. At one point one person in our party went to the restroom and came back and stood the rest of the time because they said it was too hard to get back into the high chair. These were handmade and the person who made them neglected to use proper height measurements for high top tables and chairs. They are a safety hazzard.
199	tinachen	2	Stopped in here for dessert tonight after reading great reviews. I would have given it 4 stars except our experience dropped a star off.  We arrived just after 9pm and closing time is 11pm so plenty of time remaining open. The only thing was that the staff were already packing up and cleaning floors, equipment ect...  I queried closing time as thought maybe times wrong online but he said no it's 11pm!  I just found it uncomfortable sitting and eating whilst they clean and pack up although have 2 hours work remaining!?!  Saying all that the ice cream was really good and a great range of flavours. The ice cream was tasty and generous servings were good although at nearly $5 for 2 scoops it's a little bit expensive.
199	yujunchen	2	Stopped in here for dessert tonight after reading great reviews. I would have given it 4 stars except our experience dropped a star off.  We arrived just after 9pm and closing time is 11pm so plenty of time remaining open. The only thing was that the staff were already packing up and cleaning floors, equipment ect...  I queried closing time as thought maybe times wrong online but he said no it's 11pm!  I just found it uncomfortable sitting and eating whilst they clean and pack up although have 2 hours work remaining!?!  Saying all that the ice cream was really good and a great range of flavours. The ice cream was tasty and generous servings were good although at nearly $5 for 2 scoops it's a little bit expensive.
200	tinachen	2	Walk around inside and soak up the history. Talk to the guy selling shirts outside, he has some amazing stories to tell. They love jazz there and you can see it in their eyes.   People who don't even like jazz walk away after spending some time there and talk about the fun and newfound appreciation for this American creation.   Wear loose clothing in the summer and try to ignore just how BAD everything around the area smells. It's worth it.
200	yujunchen	2	Walk around inside and soak up the history. Talk to the guy selling shirts outside, he has some amazing stories to tell. They love jazz there and you can see it in their eyes.   People who don't even like jazz walk away after spending some time there and talk about the fun and newfound appreciation for this American creation.   Wear loose clothing in the summer and try to ignore just how BAD everything around the area smells. It's worth it.
201	tinachen	1	Drexel/Penn student joint. Good for a quick swing in for take-out or a buffet plate. Nothing to write home about. Reasonable prices and quality.
201	yujunchen	1	Drexel/Penn student joint. Good for a quick swing in for take-out or a buffet plate. Nothing to write home about. Reasonable prices and quality.
202	tinachen	2	We did enjoy the food here.  I had a shrimp Po' Boy and it was very good.  The portions are a little small.  The really bad thing was that is was their crawfish boil day so most of the things on the menu weren't available to order.  I guess this is because of the crawfish boil.  The Mom of the place was pretty rude and opinionated.  The son, however, was a charming guy.  He was very nice and gave us some of the potatoes and other items to try from the crawfish boil.  We will go back sometime, I am sure.
202	yujunchen	2	We did enjoy the food here.  I had a shrimp Po' Boy and it was very good.  The portions are a little small.  The really bad thing was that is was their crawfish boil day so most of the things on the menu weren't available to order.  I guess this is because of the crawfish boil.  The Mom of the place was pretty rude and opinionated.  The son, however, was a charming guy.  He was very nice and gave us some of the potatoes and other items to try from the crawfish boil.  We will go back sometime, I am sure.
203	tinachen	3	First, location...if you are staying near the French quarter, this place is a little bit of a hike but for a calmer night in New Orleans, this is a great spot.  The crowd is mainly 30+ year olds that appreciate great wine, cheese and jazz.   The layout is a but odd though. You walk through a wine shop and can buy your own bottles and cheese. You choose your sizes and cheese types from their fridge.  Then you go into a cool backyard patio area where there is a live band and pick a seat. For food, there is a small window to order from which is CASH ONLY.  The food is ok. It's not the best of NOLA but it is tasty.  The portion sizes are very good for the price.  I'd definitely come back for ambiance, wine and cheese but maybe not a full meal.
203	yujunchen	3	First, location...if you are staying near the French quarter, this place is a little bit of a hike but for a calmer night in New Orleans, this is a great spot.  The crowd is mainly 30+ year olds that appreciate great wine, cheese and jazz.   The layout is a but odd though. You walk through a wine shop and can buy your own bottles and cheese. You choose your sizes and cheese types from their fridge.  Then you go into a cool backyard patio area where there is a live band and pick a seat. For food, there is a small window to order from which is CASH ONLY.  The food is ok. It's not the best of NOLA but it is tasty.  The portion sizes are very good for the price.  I'd definitely come back for ambiance, wine and cheese but maybe not a full meal.
204	tinachen	4	It was a pretty cute little restaurant; the atmosphere was definitely "neighborhood pub."  We had a very nice (very obviously not Ethiopian) waitress with multiple visible piercings.  She was (*gasp* ) very attentive for an Ethiopian restaurant waitress.  The service was not as good quick as the average non-Ethiopian restaurant, but it definitely blew all the Ethiopian restaurant services away with the speed!  Gee, I wonder if it could be because she's not Ethiopian?!?!?!  hahaha  However, she did mention that she grew up in West Philly eating Ethiopian food.  mmmm I'm jealous!    As is my custom, I went to use the bathroom and wash my hands before the meal.  Considering that Ethiopian food is eaten with one's hands, I would highly recommend this practice to all my friends .  There were two "stalls" in the bathroom.  Both stalls have saloon styled doors (2 halves swinging freely in the middled, hinged on either side).  The first one was lit, but the right half of the door was missing.  Given this, I opted for the second stall.  After stepping inside, I noticed a good 2 inches between the halves of the door.  Needless to say, I did my business in a hurry all the while praying that no one else would come in.  PLEASE LADIES, GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT.  It is a harrowing experience!  When the food came (sooner than expected), the portions were fairly generous.  When I bit into the injera at the Queen of Sheba, I was pleasantly surprised.  It was fairly sour!  It was not as sour as Abyssinia's injera, but definitely a few steps more sour than anywhere else I have tried up to date.  Now, I'm not saying ideal injera should be sour, but I like mine that way.   hahaha  Unfortunately parts of the injera were a little dried.  *sigh*   It's a toss up for me between dried injera versus more sour injera.     The dishes were all decent, but not amazing.  My companion liked the potatoes in the carrot, string bean, potato dish.  I thought their salad was fabulous - fresh and dressed perfectly.  I did not care for the raw onions, but have to admit the taste was a nice contrast to the other dishes.  Both lentil dishes were decent, as I have said before it is difficult for me to tell much of a difference in them.  However, my trusty sidekick noted that the lentils were more watery at Kaffa Crossing.  I know that 1 of the lentil dishes was too spicy for me, but I am a big, Big wuss when it comes to spices, so that is neither here nor there.   The lamb was a big disappointment, it was a little sour (bad?).  The collard greens were pretty standard, nothing amazing.
204	yujunchen	4	It was a pretty cute little restaurant; the atmosphere was definitely "neighborhood pub."  We had a very nice (very obviously not Ethiopian) waitress with multiple visible piercings.  She was (*gasp* ) very attentive for an Ethiopian restaurant waitress.  The service was not as good quick as the average non-Ethiopian restaurant, but it definitely blew all the Ethiopian restaurant services away with the speed!  Gee, I wonder if it could be because she's not Ethiopian?!?!?!  hahaha  However, she did mention that she grew up in West Philly eating Ethiopian food.  mmmm I'm jealous!    As is my custom, I went to use the bathroom and wash my hands before the meal.  Considering that Ethiopian food is eaten with one's hands, I would highly recommend this practice to all my friends .  There were two "stalls" in the bathroom.  Both stalls have saloon styled doors (2 halves swinging freely in the middled, hinged on either side).  The first one was lit, but the right half of the door was missing.  Given this, I opted for the second stall.  After stepping inside, I noticed a good 2 inches between the halves of the door.  Needless to say, I did my business in a hurry all the while praying that no one else would come in.  PLEASE LADIES, GO TO THE BATHROOM BEFORE EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT.  It is a harrowing experience!  When the food came (sooner than expected), the portions were fairly generous.  When I bit into the injera at the Queen of Sheba, I was pleasantly surprised.  It was fairly sour!  It was not as sour as Abyssinia's injera, but definitely a few steps more sour than anywhere else I have tried up to date.  Now, I'm not saying ideal injera should be sour, but I like mine that way.   hahaha  Unfortunately parts of the injera were a little dried.  *sigh*   It's a toss up for me between dried injera versus more sour injera.     The dishes were all decent, but not amazing.  My companion liked the potatoes in the carrot, string bean, potato dish.  I thought their salad was fabulous - fresh and dressed perfectly.  I did not care for the raw onions, but have to admit the taste was a nice contrast to the other dishes.  Both lentil dishes were decent, as I have said before it is difficult for me to tell much of a difference in them.  However, my trusty sidekick noted that the lentils were more watery at Kaffa Crossing.  I know that 1 of the lentil dishes was too spicy for me, but I am a big, Big wuss when it comes to spices, so that is neither here nor there.   The lamb was a big disappointment, it was a little sour (bad?).  The collard greens were pretty standard, nothing amazing.
205	tinachen	3	One word: MEH  Had dinner here Sunday Night...It's nice decoration and everything and the chef is funny but it's just for that money I've had more  delicious and entertaining hibachi. Good to go occasionally tho.
205	yujunchen	3	One word: MEH  Had dinner here Sunday Night...It's nice decoration and everything and the chef is funny but it's just for that money I've had more  delicious and entertaining hibachi. Good to go occasionally tho.
206	tinachen	1	Completely UNDERWHELMED........ Love John Besh, but he wasn't fooling me--that was touffe sauce on the shrimp and grits!  If I wanted touffe, I would have order it. Food was okay, but VERY expensive.
206	yujunchen	2	Completely UNDERWHELMED........ Love John Besh, but he wasn't fooling me--that was touffe sauce on the shrimp and grits!  If I wanted touffe, I would have order it. Food was okay, but VERY expensive.
207	tinachen	1	Good food. Non dependable delivery service which sucks in a town with scarce parking. For that reason I go elsewhere.
207	yujunchen	1	Good food. Non dependable delivery service which sucks in a town with scarce parking. For that reason I go elsewhere.
208	tinachen	1	This is a standard Best Buy.  The staff in the games section was helpful and amiable.  Other than that it is mediocre on every level.
208	yujunchen	1	This is a standard Best Buy.  The staff in the games section was helpful and amiable.  Other than that it is mediocre on every level.
209	tinachen	2	The service was very good and our food came out pretty quickly. The food was just so-so though. My grain salad (Farro?) has crunchy bits like it was undercooked or left out to harden. My husband has the chicken and said it was dry. Honestly not a terrible meal, but at $17 a plate it was not worth the price.
209	yujunchen	3	The service was very good and our food came out pretty quickly. The food was just so-so though. My grain salad (Farro?) has crunchy bits like it was undercooked or left out to harden. My husband has the chicken and said it was dry. Honestly not a terrible meal, but at $17 a plate it was not worth the price.
210	tinachen	1	Not bad with the crawfish dish. Really laid back during the day but after 6 forget me being there. U become a number
210	yujunchen	1	Not bad with the crawfish dish. Really laid back during the day but after 6 forget me being there. U become a number
211	tinachen	3	Very good sushi.  I would give this place more stars if the dining experience on a peak night was better.  It's a small restaurant so it's tight in there.  What bothers me is that the waitresses don't seem to have a problem bumping into you, or rubbing their asses on your chair consistently throughout the night just to walk by.  I gave the startled look many times and they didn't give a crap.  Happened many times.  Just unacceptable. The place is good though.
211	yujunchen	3	Very good sushi.  I would give this place more stars if the dining experience on a peak night was better.  It's a small restaurant so it's tight in there.  What bothers me is that the waitresses don't seem to have a problem bumping into you, or rubbing their asses on your chair consistently throughout the night just to walk by.  I gave the startled look many times and they didn't give a crap.  Happened many times.  Just unacceptable. The place is good though.
212	tinachen	3	Beautiful shop; hands down one of the best ones I've ever seen. It's very modern and chic in a way. Love the creativity of the door handle being a rolling pin, the light fixtures as wire whip mixers, and incorporating the love sign into a beautiful center piece for the top back wall. Everything was very artsy and creative. I noticed the bright displays of cupcakes and assorted treats and most of all, the gorgeously decorated occasion cakes (HINT HINT: weddings are their specialty). They blew me away! It's like something you'd only see on TV!   We couldn't resist ordering their uniquely flavored cupcakes. Chocolate cake with raspberry icing and lavender something with pistachio icing. Plus, if you find a purple center in your cupcake, you can get another one for free. (Definitely NOT a marketing scheme, but I admire the game even though we're being played.)  To get to the point: the first thing I tried was the icing.. it was literally so hard I had to dig my teeth into it to get a bite. I feel like I would've like it if it was softer and more like icing? The chocolate cake was like any other. My fiance's cupcake was strange!! The icing literally tasted like stale, natural butter (or maybe more closely similar to lard!? If you ever tasted lard, you'll know that distinct flavor it has.) The icing was also hard as a rock. However, the lavender mixed (don't know what with) cake wasn't half bad, though nothing stood out to me as special.  Iffy on whether or not we'll be back. I want to like this place, but that just might be the pastry enthusiast in me talking.
212	yujunchen	3	Beautiful shop; hands down one of the best ones I've ever seen. It's very modern and chic in a way. Love the creativity of the door handle being a rolling pin, the light fixtures as wire whip mixers, and incorporating the love sign into a beautiful center piece for the top back wall. Everything was very artsy and creative. I noticed the bright displays of cupcakes and assorted treats and most of all, the gorgeously decorated occasion cakes (HINT HINT: weddings are their specialty). They blew me away! It's like something you'd only see on TV!   We couldn't resist ordering their uniquely flavored cupcakes. Chocolate cake with raspberry icing and lavender something with pistachio icing. Plus, if you find a purple center in your cupcake, you can get another one for free. (Definitely NOT a marketing scheme, but I admire the game even though we're being played.)  To get to the point: the first thing I tried was the icing.. it was literally so hard I had to dig my teeth into it to get a bite. I feel like I would've like it if it was softer and more like icing? The chocolate cake was like any other. My fiance's cupcake was strange!! The icing literally tasted like stale, natural butter (or maybe more closely similar to lard!? If you ever tasted lard, you'll know that distinct flavor it has.) The icing was also hard as a rock. However, the lavender mixed (don't know what with) cake wasn't half bad, though nothing stood out to me as special.  Iffy on whether or not we'll be back. I want to like this place, but that just might be the pastry enthusiast in me talking.
213	tinachen	1	Incredible wine and booze selections. Clean and organized. Sadly the produce was terrible. Bad oranges and peaches in Florida??? That was disappointing.
213	yujunchen	1	Incredible wine and booze selections. Clean and organized. Sadly the produce was terrible. Bad oranges and peaches in Florida??? That was disappointing.
214	tinachen	1	Very overpriced for literally HALF a panini. Incredibly disappointed. Won't be back. Forty bucks for me and the kids and even the kids were still hungry.
214	yujunchen	1	Very overpriced for literally HALF a panini. Incredibly disappointed. Won't be back. Forty bucks for me and the kids and even the kids were still hungry.
215	tinachen	2	Truly delicious and generously-sized burgers! The fries are superb-great pub food. The prices are a little steep. The service is fine. My go-to spot to dine and talk for hours and it's never been too busy where that would be an issue.
215	yujunchen	2	Truly delicious and generously-sized burgers! The fries are superb-great pub food. The prices are a little steep. The service is fine. My go-to spot to dine and talk for hours and it's never been too busy where that would be an issue.
216	tinachen	3	We stopped by here around 2:00 pm on Saturday and the place was hoppin!  We were promptly seated, so I had a few minutes to look over the place before we ordered the food.  Ambiance:  I have stated before in my reviews that I absolutely loathe it when restaurants rely on big screen TVs for entertaining.  They assume that the majority of people really give a crap about sports.  I don't and I find it really distracting.  The Cheese in Cheeseburger must really mean CHEEEESY DECOR.  Seriously, fake hula skirts on the wait staff?    FOOD:  I almost didn't want to come here because I remember people saying they charged you for soda refills.  We were not, so they must have changed their policy.  I had the pulled pork sliders.  The meat itself was pretty good, but I didn't like that the bottom of the sandwich was soggy because of the cole slaw.  We also ordered onion rings as an appetizer which were excellent.  Overall, I'm glad I came, but neither the food or ambiance did anything to scream "Come back, Allie!"
216	yujunchen	3	We stopped by here around 2:00 pm on Saturday and the place was hoppin!  We were promptly seated, so I had a few minutes to look over the place before we ordered the food.  Ambiance:  I have stated before in my reviews that I absolutely loathe it when restaurants rely on big screen TVs for entertaining.  They assume that the majority of people really give a crap about sports.  I don't and I find it really distracting.  The Cheese in Cheeseburger must really mean CHEEEESY DECOR.  Seriously, fake hula skirts on the wait staff?    FOOD:  I almost didn't want to come here because I remember people saying they charged you for soda refills.  We were not, so they must have changed their policy.  I had the pulled pork sliders.  The meat itself was pretty good, but I didn't like that the bottom of the sandwich was soggy because of the cole slaw.  We also ordered onion rings as an appetizer which were excellent.  Overall, I'm glad I came, but neither the food or ambiance did anything to scream "Come back, Allie!"
217	tinachen	2	99% of the time I love Whole Foods. This week and last week, though, I am quite disappointed. We drive a distance to come to shop here so we always eat from the salad bar. Two weeks in a row, there is no vegan salad dressing available. They usually have 4 vegan options. Last week I didn't discover that they were out until after I had made my salad. When I asked about it, the gentleman said "we're out til Monday. " He didn't seem concerned or offer any alternatives so I gave him my salad and left.  This week, still no salad dressing, but I looked before I made my salad, and I purchased my own vegan dressing. Come on Whole Foods. Please don't disappoint me again.
217	yujunchen	2	99% of the time I love Whole Foods. This week and last week, though, I am quite disappointed. We drive a distance to come to shop here so we always eat from the salad bar. Two weeks in a row, there is no vegan salad dressing available. They usually have 4 vegan options. Last week I didn't discover that they were out until after I had made my salad. When I asked about it, the gentleman said "we're out til Monday. " He didn't seem concerned or offer any alternatives so I gave him my salad and left.  This week, still no salad dressing, but I looked before I made my salad, and I purchased my own vegan dressing. Come on Whole Foods. Please don't disappoint me again.
218	tinachen	2	Note: This is not a fast food place. Expect to wait about 15-20mins for a sandwich & fries. I had the turkey with avocado, etc & it was ok. Could have used more aioli, so it was a little dry since the bread is thick. The fries are the size of McDonald's & are garlicky. Wolfgang is a better choice health wise. However, was it worth the $11.99 + tax, not in my opinion but it is the airport. Idk what other places are around, but I'll explore more the next time.
218	yujunchen	2	Note: This is not a fast food place. Expect to wait about 15-20mins for a sandwich & fries. I had the turkey with avocado, etc & it was ok. Could have used more aioli, so it was a little dry since the bread is thick. The fries are the size of McDonald's & are garlicky. Wolfgang is a better choice health wise. However, was it worth the $11.99 + tax, not in my opinion but it is the airport. Idk what other places are around, but I'll explore more the next time.
219	tinachen	2	Reasonably priced spot with good beer and food selection. I tried the PO Boy with saut onions and red peppers - food was good and the fries were great (note don't use ketchup as they are tasty by itself).
219	yujunchen	2	Reasonably priced spot with good beer and food selection. I tried the PO Boy with saut onions and red peppers - food was good and the fries were great (note don't use ketchup as they are tasty by itself).
220	tinachen	3	It was ok. I wasn't all that into the buffet. The food was bland, however,  it was fresh. I loved the history photos on their walls and I love the tile designs on the ceiling. Food was just ok and bland my waitress was normal. Very small inside so grab your seats when you can.
220	yujunchen	3	It was ok. I wasn't all that into the buffet. The food was bland, however,  it was fresh. I loved the history photos on their walls and I love the tile designs on the ceiling. Food was just ok and bland my waitress was normal. Very small inside so grab your seats when you can.
221	tinachen	3	I have been driving passed Fellini's on West Chester Pike for some time now. Today I decided that it was time to stop by and have lunch here. The lunch prices are great, most meals average around $10. They offer a good selection of choices for lunch... pasta dishes, antipasto, salads, pizzas, paninis etc. I opted for a Panini- the "El Patrizio". Which consisted of grilled chicken, portobello mushrooms, spinach and provolone. When I think of a panini, I picture a sandwich all melted together with grill marks on the sides of the bread. This was more of just a normal sandwich on nice thick bread. It also came with lettuce, tomato and onions on it, which I was not aware came with the panini. The sandwich tasted good, just not what I had expected. It came with a side salad (great honey mustard dressing) and homemade chips (favorite part of my meal).  I left full and satisfied. I felt that I definitely got my moneys worth out of this meal. I would return!
221	yujunchen	3	I have been driving passed Fellini's on West Chester Pike for some time now. Today I decided that it was time to stop by and have lunch here. The lunch prices are great, most meals average around $10. They offer a good selection of choices for lunch... pasta dishes, antipasto, salads, pizzas, paninis etc. I opted for a Panini- the "El Patrizio". Which consisted of grilled chicken, portobello mushrooms, spinach and provolone. When I think of a panini, I picture a sandwich all melted together with grill marks on the sides of the bread. This was more of just a normal sandwich on nice thick bread. It also came with lettuce, tomato and onions on it, which I was not aware came with the panini. The sandwich tasted good, just not what I had expected. It came with a side salad (great honey mustard dressing) and homemade chips (favorite part of my meal).  I left full and satisfied. I felt that I definitely got my moneys worth out of this meal. I would return!
222	tinachen	2	The food is pretty good and the service is very nice. However the entrees are very expensive.  $16.99 plus tax for an entree (chicken and rice with garlic bread) .   Its good just not worth it for me. I haven't tried the buffet so I may come back to try the buffet but not the entree.
222	yujunchen	2	The food is pretty good and the service is very nice. However the entrees are very expensive.  $16.99 plus tax for an entree (chicken and rice with garlic bread) .   Its good just not worth it for me. I haven't tried the buffet so I may come back to try the buffet but not the entree.
223	tinachen	1	I come here once in awhile to check out their clearance stuff in electronics.. and I did find a portable charger for my iphone 4 for only $22 !!  which was a deal considering that elseware it sells for $70!!
223	yujunchen	1	I come here once in awhile to check out their clearance stuff in electronics.. and I did find a portable charger for my iphone 4 for only $22 !!  which was a deal considering that elseware it sells for $70!!
224	tinachen	3	I really want to love this place, but they make it so hard. The past three times in a row I've been there, there has been some sort of ridiculous customer service issue that left me and whoever I was with super annoyed.  Starting with the good: the coffee is delicious. The assortment of baked goods is great...quiche is yummy, etc. I've always loved the space...good mixture of comfy couches and real seating where people can sit and work on laptops. Plenty of outdoor seating on nice days.  The prices are...steep. BUT I always feel good about supporting a local small business, so whatever. My real problem is the 'tude and just general lack of professionalism that I've seen from the baristas. They clearly know their coffee, and that's great, but here are some of the more ridiculous things that have happened to me there in the past month:  --purchased coffee with my mom and went to add our cream and sugar. My mom realized the half and half container was empty and gave the guy behind the counter a head's up. His answer: "Yeah, we're actually out of half and half." Everyone stared blankly at him, including the other people in line. Now mind you, it was before noon, not five minutes before they closed. No apology, no "I'm so sorry, we sent someone down the street to the 7-11 (literally down the street) to pick some up, they should be back any minute." That was it. The guy behind us asked, "is anyone going to get some more?" and the kid literally shrugged his shoulders and turned his back to us. Ummmmmm. As my mom said, when you charge people $8 for two coffees (one of which was just a drip coffee), I don't think it's too much to ask that you provide HALF AND HALF AT YOUR COFFEE SHOP.   --another time I was there, a friend asked for her coffee extra hot, and then when it arrived just warm, she asked if they could nuke it in the microwave for a minute. She was very nice about it. The girl behind the counter, on the other hand, felt it necessary to explain in a condescending tone for five minutes that they "actually can't put the coffee cups in the microwave" for some reason I now forget, and then reluctantly offered to add some hot water. Uhhhh. Homegirl. Could you maybe just take the coffee and solve the problem? Put it in a to go cup and microwave it? This doesn't seem like THAT hard of a problem to solve, nor can I imagine it's the first time someone has asked for their coffee extra hot. Again, everyone in line sort of looked at each other helplessly as this happened.   --this is a small thing, but they have multiple sizes for every drink on their board, but then half of them apparently only come in one size? I know it's a small issue, but you'd think it would occur to someone to change the menu so they don't have to keep telling people (last time I was there it happened to both me and the woman behind me).   Jersey Java owners, please give your baristas some basic lessons in customer service. Again, they know their coffee, and they're generally nice until there's ANY sort of minor hiccup, and then all basic common sense goes right out the window. Your coffee is too expensive for me to have some ordeal every time I go there. Oh, and buy more half and half.
224	yujunchen	3	I really want to love this place, but they make it so hard. The past three times in a row I've been there, there has been some sort of ridiculous customer service issue that left me and whoever I was with super annoyed.  Starting with the good: the coffee is delicious. The assortment of baked goods is great...quiche is yummy, etc. I've always loved the space...good mixture of comfy couches and real seating where people can sit and work on laptops. Plenty of outdoor seating on nice days.  The prices are...steep. BUT I always feel good about supporting a local small business, so whatever. My real problem is the 'tude and just general lack of professionalism that I've seen from the baristas. They clearly know their coffee, and that's great, but here are some of the more ridiculous things that have happened to me there in the past month:  --purchased coffee with my mom and went to add our cream and sugar. My mom realized the half and half container was empty and gave the guy behind the counter a head's up. His answer: "Yeah, we're actually out of half and half." Everyone stared blankly at him, including the other people in line. Now mind you, it was before noon, not five minutes before they closed. No apology, no "I'm so sorry, we sent someone down the street to the 7-11 (literally down the street) to pick some up, they should be back any minute." That was it. The guy behind us asked, "is anyone going to get some more?" and the kid literally shrugged his shoulders and turned his back to us. Ummmmmm. As my mom said, when you charge people $8 for two coffees (one of which was just a drip coffee), I don't think it's too much to ask that you provide HALF AND HALF AT YOUR COFFEE SHOP.   --another time I was there, a friend asked for her coffee extra hot, and then when it arrived just warm, she asked if they could nuke it in the microwave for a minute. She was very nice about it. The girl behind the counter, on the other hand, felt it necessary to explain in a condescending tone for five minutes that they "actually can't put the coffee cups in the microwave" for some reason I now forget, and then reluctantly offered to add some hot water. Uhhhh. Homegirl. Could you maybe just take the coffee and solve the problem? Put it in a to go cup and microwave it? This doesn't seem like THAT hard of a problem to solve, nor can I imagine it's the first time someone has asked for their coffee extra hot. Again, everyone in line sort of looked at each other helplessly as this happened.   --this is a small thing, but they have multiple sizes for every drink on their board, but then half of them apparently only come in one size? I know it's a small issue, but you'd think it would occur to someone to change the menu so they don't have to keep telling people (last time I was there it happened to both me and the woman behind me).   Jersey Java owners, please give your baristas some basic lessons in customer service. Again, they know their coffee, and they're generally nice until there's ANY sort of minor hiccup, and then all basic common sense goes right out the window. Your coffee is too expensive for me to have some ordeal every time I go there. Oh, and buy more half and half.
225	tinachen	2	It was ok....Did like the homemade potato chips. Had to wait 10 mins after asking for the check as the waitress was talking with other guess. But food was good.
225	yujunchen	2	It was ok....Did like the homemade potato chips. Had to wait 10 mins after asking for the check as the waitress was talking with other guess. But food was good.
226	tinachen	2	The ambience and decor were nice. The nachos were good, along with a few choice options. However, do not order a cheeseburger. It is not only tiny, but it looks like something that was dropped off the back of a McDonald's truck as it was driving through a bad neighborhood. It was over cooked, dry, and just plain nasty. I was very disappointed to find such a flop in a restaurant that seems to be filled with blockbusters. The overall experience was fine, but that burger sure did ruin it.  The fries were another disappointment all their own.
226	yujunchen	2	The ambience and decor were nice. The nachos were good, along with a few choice options. However, do not order a cheeseburger. It is not only tiny, but it looks like something that was dropped off the back of a McDonald's truck as it was driving through a bad neighborhood. It was over cooked, dry, and just plain nasty. I was very disappointed to find such a flop in a restaurant that seems to be filled with blockbusters. The overall experience was fine, but that burger sure did ruin it.  The fries were another disappointment all their own.
227	tinachen	3	stayed here two nights.  The hotels best attribute is the location. Close to historic sites, bars, restaurants.  Other than that, its a mediocre hotel at best. Not much decor, rooms are standard  size. The bed isnt too comfortable. Small bathroom.  We did hit up the pool which is on the 4th floor. Its a 4 foot pool decent enough to hang out and take a dip.  Essentially you will be paying for the location. Parking is 36 bucks a day so be warned!  Overall the stay was good. The front desk is helpful but the hotel rooms were definitely forgetable.
227	yujunchen	3	stayed here two nights.  The hotels best attribute is the location. Close to historic sites, bars, restaurants.  Other than that, its a mediocre hotel at best. Not much decor, rooms are standard  size. The bed isnt too comfortable. Small bathroom.  We did hit up the pool which is on the 4th floor. Its a 4 foot pool decent enough to hang out and take a dip.  Essentially you will be paying for the location. Parking is 36 bucks a day so be warned!  Overall the stay was good. The front desk is helpful but the hotel rooms were definitely forgetable.
228	tinachen	2	2nd time here on Saturday at 6. Reservations were for 615 seated at 7 PM. Hostess said 20 minute wait, significantly underestimated. Same thing happened first time around. Understaffed. Squeeze you in at each table.12 people at each table only room for nine. Not enough room for dishes and drinks. Food is good but everything else below acceptable.
228	yujunchen	2	2nd time here on Saturday at 6. Reservations were for 615 seated at 7 PM. Hostess said 20 minute wait, significantly underestimated. Same thing happened first time around. Understaffed. Squeeze you in at each table.12 people at each table only room for nine. Not enough room for dishes and drinks. Food is good but everything else below acceptable.
229	tinachen	1	Visited Richard's for brunch Saturday 2/18. Good service, but shockingly first bad meal we have had there, and we were long time frequent Cafe Vicino patrons before their move and rebranding. Potatoes that came with my eggs and bacon, and my wife's eggs and sausage we're OVERsalted to the point of being inedible. Toast was cold upon delivery. Hope this was a one-off.
229	yujunchen	2	Visited Richard's for brunch Saturday 2/18. Good service, but shockingly first bad meal we have had there, and we were long time frequent Cafe Vicino patrons before their move and rebranding. Potatoes that came with my eggs and bacon, and my wife's eggs and sausage we're OVERsalted to the point of being inedible. Toast was cold upon delivery. Hope this was a one-off.
230	tinachen	4	Nice brunch spot located in Northern Liberties. Saw a segment of Diner's, Drive-Ins and Dives a couple years ago that highlighted HS&E, so this place has been on my radar for a quite a while. If you go on the weekend, expect a wait. I waited about 30 mins, which in the grand scene of things wasn't that bad. The place is small inside, but they do have outdoor seating. The food and service were good. I had the eggs benedict, which is really not a 'go to' for me, but I was feeling adventurous. The eggs benedict was good as was the 4th St. Corn. The service was good. I did have to remind my waiter a second time to bring me a lemonade, but it was pretty busy. I would return and try something else on the menu.
230	yujunchen	4	Nice brunch spot located in Northern Liberties. Saw a segment of Diner's, Drive-Ins and Dives a couple years ago that highlighted HS&E, so this place has been on my radar for a quite a while. If you go on the weekend, expect a wait. I waited about 30 mins, which in the grand scene of things wasn't that bad. The place is small inside, but they do have outdoor seating. The food and service were good. I had the eggs benedict, which is really not a 'go to' for me, but I was feeling adventurous. The eggs benedict was good as was the 4th St. Corn. The service was good. I did have to remind my waiter a second time to bring me a lemonade, but it was pretty busy. I would return and try something else on the menu.
231	tinachen	2	Pedicure here was excellent, no problem with the services offered. However, I walked in on a different day for a fill and the staff basically ignored me.  The guy actually seemed annoyed that I was there, told me to wait and then never got back to me. I sat there for at least 10 minutes without a word.  I left and won't be going back. I can get a good pedicure somewhere else with someone who actually values my business.
231	yujunchen	2	Pedicure here was excellent, no problem with the services offered. However, I walked in on a different day for a fill and the staff basically ignored me.  The guy actually seemed annoyed that I was there, told me to wait and then never got back to me. I sat there for at least 10 minutes without a word.  I left and won't be going back. I can get a good pedicure somewhere else with someone who actually values my business.
232	tinachen	2	A local favorite. Worth trying at least once. The staff is usually pretty friendly. Be prepared to wait on a weekend.   The service is the best thing going. The food selection is pretty large. Diner food with a sprinkle of greek influence. I've found some of the food items to not be so fresh.  It seems like they must use lard or butter on everything because every time I left my stomach just felt extremely heavy for hours.  If you go, plan for a nap and tums after.
232	yujunchen	2	A local favorite. Worth trying at least once. The staff is usually pretty friendly. Be prepared to wait on a weekend.   The service is the best thing going. The food selection is pretty large. Diner food with a sprinkle of greek influence. I've found some of the food items to not be so fresh.  It seems like they must use lard or butter on everything because every time I left my stomach just felt extremely heavy for hours.  If you go, plan for a nap and tums after.
233	tinachen	2	Dots Diner is like coming home.  Friendly and attentive staff along with very good Diner food.   I've had breakfast here several days while working and they have exceeded my expectations every day.  Whether your here on pleasure or work there is no better place to start your day than Dots Diner.   Truth in dining leads me to report a less than favorable experience after a string of very good ones.  This morning I arrived at 5:30 am as usual and to be honest it was not the same staff that I had seen for the previous two weeks.   After sitting in acknowledged for seven minutes I left and drove up the street where I had a fantastic experience.    It's good to be great but there is something to be said for consistency too.  I won't let one underwhelming experience get me too down on Dots.
233	yujunchen	2	Dots Diner is like coming home.  Friendly and attentive staff along with very good Diner food.   I've had breakfast here several days while working and they have exceeded my expectations every day.  Whether your here on pleasure or work there is no better place to start your day than Dots Diner.   Truth in dining leads me to report a less than favorable experience after a string of very good ones.  This morning I arrived at 5:30 am as usual and to be honest it was not the same staff that I had seen for the previous two weeks.   After sitting in acknowledged for seven minutes I left and drove up the street where I had a fantastic experience.    It's good to be great but there is something to be said for consistency too.  I won't let one underwhelming experience get me too down on Dots.
234	tinachen	2	It's OK, but as someone from Texas that knows her barbecue this will not be a place that I return to. It's pricey for what it is and it's just not that great. The service was really good and the drinks are pretty awesome. But if you're looking for authentic barbecue at average/market price, this isn't it. This is more of a barbecue style of their own and it's pricey. It has a cool location, and the service is friendly and prompt.
234	yujunchen	2	It's OK, but as someone from Texas that knows her barbecue this will not be a place that I return to. It's pricey for what it is and it's just not that great. The service was really good and the drinks are pretty awesome. But if you're looking for authentic barbecue at average/market price, this isn't it. This is more of a barbecue style of their own and it's pricey. It has a cool location, and the service is friendly and prompt.
235	tinachen	2	Slow...not as amazing the last few times I have been.  The tomatoes are still excellent, the fruit still the same, and the ideas still fresh.  But sometimes there are a stale lettuce pieces in the salad, and it can be like sit-down-and-read-a-book times. Still a great choice, but I think the sheer traffic from the groupon or whatever with one or two staff only can lead me to not be quite as delighted as before.  Still good as a local coffee place.
235	yujunchen	2	Slow...not as amazing the last few times I have been.  The tomatoes are still excellent, the fruit still the same, and the ideas still fresh.  But sometimes there are a stale lettuce pieces in the salad, and it can be like sit-down-and-read-a-book times. Still a great choice, but I think the sheer traffic from the groupon or whatever with one or two staff only can lead me to not be quite as delighted as before.  Still good as a local coffee place.
236	tinachen	2	While I like that this HMV location sells vinyl, they do have it priced quite high.  I guess this is for the people who want to purchase LPs but only doing their shopping at the mall (vs. hitting the independents on Whyte) and don't mind paying a little more for their vinyl.   As for other items - CDs/DVDs/Books/BluRays -  if the item is on sale, then it is usually a good price, and most popular items are on sale.  Any item that is not on sale (the more unusual selections, or less popular items) is usually way overpriced.  Being the largest HMV in the city, the selection is pretty good, though I do find they still fall into that "stock only the GREATEST HITS or BEST OFs instead of back catalogue" mentality that all chains seem to buy into.  Staff is friendly and the lines are quick - this can be a pretty busy location - so if you need to buy from HMV, this is a good location.
236	yujunchen	2	While I like that this HMV location sells vinyl, they do have it priced quite high.  I guess this is for the people who want to purchase LPs but only doing their shopping at the mall (vs. hitting the independents on Whyte) and don't mind paying a little more for their vinyl.   As for other items - CDs/DVDs/Books/BluRays -  if the item is on sale, then it is usually a good price, and most popular items are on sale.  Any item that is not on sale (the more unusual selections, or less popular items) is usually way overpriced.  Being the largest HMV in the city, the selection is pretty good, though I do find they still fall into that "stock only the GREATEST HITS or BEST OFs instead of back catalogue" mentality that all chains seem to buy into.  Staff is friendly and the lines are quick - this can be a pretty busy location - so if you need to buy from HMV, this is a good location.
237	tinachen	1	Good customer service. Bill was very accommodative. They were able to replace my brake pads in about an hour and send me on my way.
237	yujunchen	1	Good customer service. Bill was very accommodative. They were able to replace my brake pads in about an hour and send me on my way.
238	tinachen	0	Typical Mongolian style restaurant with lots of options and a fun twist on dining.
238	yujunchen	0	Typical Mongolian style restaurant with lots of options and a fun twist on dining.
239	tinachen	3	Care more about your customers. I went to fresh healthy cafe for a mid morning smoothly with my wife. There was no one in the restaurant when we got there. I ordered a smoothy and my wife ordered a latte and a parfait. The parfaits are premade and quite good. The latte came out just as she was finishing her parfait (5 minutes ish), I continued to wait at least a couple of more minutes for my smoothy. I could have made it faster at home. When I did get it, it was not worth the wait. There was far too much ice... They give you a wide slurpy straw to make up for the increased ice volume, it's just not the consistency I like and had very little flavour because if the high ice volume.  It's nice to see a healthy option place in my new neighbourhood, but I hope that they vastly improve their service and quality.
239	yujunchen	3	Care more about your customers. I went to fresh healthy cafe for a mid morning smoothly with my wife. There was no one in the restaurant when we got there. I ordered a smoothy and my wife ordered a latte and a parfait. The parfaits are premade and quite good. The latte came out just as she was finishing her parfait (5 minutes ish), I continued to wait at least a couple of more minutes for my smoothy. I could have made it faster at home. When I did get it, it was not worth the wait. There was far too much ice... They give you a wide slurpy straw to make up for the increased ice volume, it's just not the consistency I like and had very little flavour because if the high ice volume.  It's nice to see a healthy option place in my new neighbourhood, but I hope that they vastly improve their service and quality.
240	tinachen	1	I have no idea what these people are talking about. This place is disgusting. I'm from San Antonio Texas, so I know what   Mexican food is supposed to taste like. I'm not expecting New Orleans to have outstanding Mexican food, but this place is completely gross. Eat at your own risk.
240	yujunchen	1	I have no idea what these people are talking about. This place is disgusting. I'm from San Antonio Texas, so I know what   Mexican food is supposed to taste like. I'm not expecting New Orleans to have outstanding Mexican food, but this place is completely gross. Eat at your own risk.
241	tinachen	3	Look, I like the place and featured donuts did not disappoint.  But lets be honest with a line like that, how does a selfie happen?  Huh?  St. Louis?  Huh?  Strange Donuts?  I find that a little unusual and now my near perfect selfie-foursquare check in ratio has been irreconcilably tarnished so I'm taking a star off because selfie in the age of Mark Zuckerberg, in the age of Obama you're gonna have a shop too crowded to take a decent selfie?  PALEESE.  Also they have no paleo/gluten free options so another star off, I mean WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO FEED MY FOUR AND SIX YEAR OLD?!
241	yujunchen	3	Look, I like the place and featured donuts did not disappoint.  But lets be honest with a line like that, how does a selfie happen?  Huh?  St. Louis?  Huh?  Strange Donuts?  I find that a little unusual and now my near perfect selfie-foursquare check in ratio has been irreconcilably tarnished so I'm taking a star off because selfie in the age of Mark Zuckerberg, in the age of Obama you're gonna have a shop too crowded to take a decent selfie?  PALEESE.  Also they have no paleo/gluten free options so another star off, I mean WHAT THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO FEED MY FOUR AND SIX YEAR OLD?!
242	tinachen	0	Big ups to the girls who thought my puppy was so cute, they gave her free treats!
242	yujunchen	0	Big ups to the girls who thought my puppy was so cute, they gave her free treats!
243	tinachen	2	A pho place that checks all the boxes but doesnt have the best of anything.  We went to Lily's the day before, so I guess this review is a compare and contrast.  Decor is simple, white wall with 7 frames of challenge winners and 2 laggy TVs.  The service is fine, not as personal, but nothing really to complain.  The food was the biggest difference between the places.  The pho was plain, no complexity, almost like it came from a dry seasoning pack.  They also recommended the chicken vermicelli as one of their best -- it wasn't.  First off, they call it vermicelli but they used pho noodle instead?  What!!?? It was thick, heavy, and full the stomach quick --- everything a vermicelli not suppose to be.  Anyway, we left unsatisfied.
243	yujunchen	2	A pho place that checks all the boxes but doesnt have the best of anything.  We went to Lily's the day before, so I guess this review is a compare and contrast.  Decor is simple, white wall with 7 frames of challenge winners and 2 laggy TVs.  The service is fine, not as personal, but nothing really to complain.  The food was the biggest difference between the places.  The pho was plain, no complexity, almost like it came from a dry seasoning pack.  They also recommended the chicken vermicelli as one of their best -- it wasn't.  First off, they call it vermicelli but they used pho noodle instead?  What!!?? It was thick, heavy, and full the stomach quick --- everything a vermicelli not suppose to be.  Anyway, we left unsatisfied.
244	tinachen	3	Stopped by for lunch with a group, so didn't get to experience the belly-dancers.  Most in the group ordered the gyros - wihch were decent.  Service was a little slow - possibly because of the large group size.  Good ambience, average to better food, slower service.
244	yujunchen	3	Stopped by for lunch with a group, so didn't get to experience the belly-dancers.  Most in the group ordered the gyros - wihch were decent.  Service was a little slow - possibly because of the large group size.  Good ambience, average to better food, slower service.
245	tinachen	3	We have been on many cruises on other lines but, we wanted to take our Grandson on a nice trip and figured the Carnival Dream would be a good choice because of the Teen Club they offer. Booking the cruise was fairly easy. The embarkation and disembarkation went fairly well also. The cruise turned out fine for our Grandson but, there were a few things we didn't like. We knew this was going to be a younger crowd and the activities would be geared to that age group but, we were disappointed that there was not a little more available to the older folks as we noticed there were many families traveling with what looked to be older parents and grandparents. The food in the main dining rooms was fine and so was the Lido. The problem in the Lido was that they made you stand in line for everything and the lines were long and slow. The two pools were also very small for that size ship. So small that one could barely find a space to even stand in the water. The stateroom was very nice. It was a good size with a comfortable bed and a step in shower. The three ports were well chosen and there were more than adequate excursions to choose from. Overall, it was what we expected and our Grandson had a very good time which is what really matters.
245	yujunchen	3	We have been on many cruises on other lines but, we wanted to take our Grandson on a nice trip and figured the Carnival Dream would be a good choice because of the Teen Club they offer. Booking the cruise was fairly easy. The embarkation and disembarkation went fairly well also. The cruise turned out fine for our Grandson but, there were a few things we didn't like. We knew this was going to be a younger crowd and the activities would be geared to that age group but, we were disappointed that there was not a little more available to the older folks as we noticed there were many families traveling with what looked to be older parents and grandparents. The food in the main dining rooms was fine and so was the Lido. The problem in the Lido was that they made you stand in line for everything and the lines were long and slow. The two pools were also very small for that size ship. So small that one could barely find a space to even stand in the water. The stateroom was very nice. It was a good size with a comfortable bed and a step in shower. The three ports were well chosen and there were more than adequate excursions to choose from. Overall, it was what we expected and our Grandson had a very good time which is what really matters.
246	tinachen	2	If you want anything fresh, you gotta come here early, or else you're going to find yourself waiting for the pastries to bake or just have none at all.  I'm very bad with the names of pastries, but I can say that I definitely like the Guava turnover, bearclaw, almond croissant, and ham and cheese croissant.  I wish they had more savoury pastries, actually I wish they had more stuff in general and maybe sometimes change it up a bit.   I had in the past gotten used to a routine of getting up in the morning, grabbing a coffee and a pastry to eat before work. Later on in the day I would grab a loaf of bread that I would bring home to eat with dinner or as a snack for breakfast. I wish the bakery was open later, but unfortunately, none of the bakeries in New Orleans are open late, and by late, I mean past 1 or 2 pm.   That being said, the pastries and sweets are very good when they are fresh and I would give this place more stars if it wasn't for unpleasant experiences with some of the workers. I have been frequenting Maple Street Patisserie for over a year now and on several occasions I have been treated very rudely by the workers who are frequently impatient, even when there's no one else in the store, or they act angry as they take the pastry out of the window and shove it onto the plate.  At other times, the workers are actually pretty nice.  So please, if you're having a bad day, don't take it out on the customers.  If you want coffee, I would go across the street to Starbucks or down the road to PJ's, but if you don't mind average coffee then you can stick to the bakery.
246	yujunchen	3	If you want anything fresh, you gotta come here early, or else you're going to find yourself waiting for the pastries to bake or just have none at all.  I'm very bad with the names of pastries, but I can say that I definitely like the Guava turnover, bearclaw, almond croissant, and ham and cheese croissant.  I wish they had more savoury pastries, actually I wish they had more stuff in general and maybe sometimes change it up a bit.   I had in the past gotten used to a routine of getting up in the morning, grabbing a coffee and a pastry to eat before work. Later on in the day I would grab a loaf of bread that I would bring home to eat with dinner or as a snack for breakfast. I wish the bakery was open later, but unfortunately, none of the bakeries in New Orleans are open late, and by late, I mean past 1 or 2 pm.   That being said, the pastries and sweets are very good when they are fresh and I would give this place more stars if it wasn't for unpleasant experiences with some of the workers. I have been frequenting Maple Street Patisserie for over a year now and on several occasions I have been treated very rudely by the workers who are frequently impatient, even when there's no one else in the store, or they act angry as they take the pastry out of the window and shove it onto the plate.  At other times, the workers are actually pretty nice.  So please, if you're having a bad day, don't take it out on the customers.  If you want coffee, I would go across the street to Starbucks or down the road to PJ's, but if you don't mind average coffee then you can stick to the bakery.
247	tinachen	2	So I walked up to the Cajun Grill while trying to grab something quick to go. This place reminded me of a place at the mall back home so I had an idea of the taste that would soon be tantalizing my tongue.  The price points were perfect and some locals who obviously frequent the restaurant in the food court kept singing CG's praises. Unbeknownst to them, I'd already been sold and was buying.  The bourbon chicken was extremely tasty and the portion sizes seemed like a lot when comparing to the typical amount of chicken and/or lamb over rice received at a normal NYC Halal stand.  I was definitely pleased with my purchase and had a difficult time trying to limit the amount of rice I ate. Yes I ended up eating it all, against my original intent. LOL
247	yujunchen	2	So I walked up to the Cajun Grill while trying to grab something quick to go. This place reminded me of a place at the mall back home so I had an idea of the taste that would soon be tantalizing my tongue.  The price points were perfect and some locals who obviously frequent the restaurant in the food court kept singing CG's praises. Unbeknownst to them, I'd already been sold and was buying.  The bourbon chicken was extremely tasty and the portion sizes seemed like a lot when comparing to the typical amount of chicken and/or lamb over rice received at a normal NYC Halal stand.  I was definitely pleased with my purchase and had a difficult time trying to limit the amount of rice I ate. Yes I ended up eating it all, against my original intent. LOL
248	tinachen	3	Been here a few times over the years, mainly when I'm at the hotel for an event. As far as hotel connected restaurants go, this place isn't too bad at all. They have a very nice setup, with sections far enough apart so that the restaurant isn't overly loud when the bar is busy. The staff are usually very friendly, and keep your drinks filled. The place has a great atmosphere and can be a good spot to catch a ball game. Some of there specials are tempting, especially when they have half priced starters.  The food here is about what you would expect. Efficient, hot, served quickly but nothing that will knock your socks off. I'd recommend the burgers and just about any of the fried dishes. Most of the starters are good, especially the wings. The BBQ is passable, but nothing to get excited for. Certainly aren't many good alternatives for BBQ in the area, so this place could definitely do the trick. Just please beware that if you're dining with a large party, your BBQ will likely be a bit on the dry side by the time it comes out, happened on multiple occasions. If you're there with just one or two other people, then you won't have to worry.  Bottom line is that if you're staying at the Holiday Inn that this is connected to, you can get a decent meal, some good drinks with a nice atmosphere. Good without being great, but never slid into bad territory. I'd probably lean closer to 3.5 Stars, but not higher than that.
248	yujunchen	3	Been here a few times over the years, mainly when I'm at the hotel for an event. As far as hotel connected restaurants go, this place isn't too bad at all. They have a very nice setup, with sections far enough apart so that the restaurant isn't overly loud when the bar is busy. The staff are usually very friendly, and keep your drinks filled. The place has a great atmosphere and can be a good spot to catch a ball game. Some of there specials are tempting, especially when they have half priced starters.  The food here is about what you would expect. Efficient, hot, served quickly but nothing that will knock your socks off. I'd recommend the burgers and just about any of the fried dishes. Most of the starters are good, especially the wings. The BBQ is passable, but nothing to get excited for. Certainly aren't many good alternatives for BBQ in the area, so this place could definitely do the trick. Just please beware that if you're dining with a large party, your BBQ will likely be a bit on the dry side by the time it comes out, happened on multiple occasions. If you're there with just one or two other people, then you won't have to worry.  Bottom line is that if you're staying at the Holiday Inn that this is connected to, you can get a decent meal, some good drinks with a nice atmosphere. Good without being great, but never slid into bad territory. I'd probably lean closer to 3.5 Stars, but not higher than that.
249	tinachen	2	Voted one of the most romantic restaurants in Santa Barbara. It could have been if it wasn't for a wedding reception when we went... There were kids running and place was very loud. Not the restaurant's fault, of course.  Food is just OK.. nothing spectacular.. I need a redo.
249	yujunchen	3	Voted one of the most romantic restaurants in Santa Barbara. It could have been if it wasn't for a wedding reception when we went... There were kids running and place was very loud. Not the restaurant's fault, of course.  Food is just OK.. nothing spectacular.. I need a redo.